

Admission Date:  [**2898-4-3**]       Discharge Date:  [**2898-5-7**]

Date of Birth:   [**2810-2-8**]       Sex:  M

Service:  VASCULAR

CHIEF COMPLAINT:   Ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:   This is an 88-year-old male
with a history of atrial fibrillation, pernicious anemia, who
was transferred from [**Hospital3 1141**], where he presented with
abdominal and back pain, described as a burning sensation,
which had occurred and then progressed over three days prior
to admission.  Abdominal CT was obtained, which showed an
abdominal aortic aneurysm of 6 cm, with a large
retroperitoneal hematoma.  His hematocrit at that time was
31, but dropped to 26.  The patient was urgently transferred
to our institution for further evaluation and treatment.

At the time of arrival, his hematocrit was 12.  The patient
was taken to the Emergency Room for emergent vascular
intervention.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:   Significant for chronic atrial
fibrillation for which he is anticoagulated.  There is no
record of any previous surgeries.

MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:  Coumadin, Digoxin, Lopressor.

ALLERGIES:   No known drug allergies.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:   On arrival to the Surgical Intensive
Care Unit post-surgery, vital signs showed a temperature of
34.5, atrial fibrillation with a rate of 113, blood pressure
152/67, oxygen saturation 100%.  Pulmonary artery pressure
was 25/16, wedge 22, CVP 10.  The patient was intubated and
sedated.  Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat examination
showed a left pupil of 2 mm and the right pupil was with
cataract.  The chest was clear to auscultation bilaterally.
The cardiac examination was a regular rhythm.  Abdominal
examination was soft, nondistended, with rubber dams in place
with [**Location (un) 767**]-[**Location (un) 1527**] drains to suction.  Lower extremity pulse
examination showed a left dorsalis pedis which was palpable,
and a right dorsalis pedis which was palpable and
Dopplerable.

LABORATORY DATA:   The patient's initial CBC was white count
of 7.2, hematocrit 39.9, platelet count 16.  The patient's
fibrinogen level was 102.  The patient's CBC on [**2898-5-7**] was a
white count of 11.9, hematocrit 23.4.  Electrolytes on
admission:  Sodium 145, potassium 3.4, glucose 52.
Electrolytes on [**2898-5-7**]:  Sodium 131, potassium 4.2, chloride
99, bicarbonate 26, BUN 29, creatinine 1.4, glucose 122, with
an anion gap of 10.  Platelet count on [**2898-5-7**] was 306,000.
Initial chest x-ray was obtained post-surgery, which showed
the tip of the endotracheal tube at 2.5 cm above the carina.
The catheter was satisfactorily in position.  The findings
were suggestive of mild congestive failure.

Chest x-ray of [**2898-5-5**] showed a tracheostomy remains in
satisfactory position.  The heart shows slight left
ventricular enlargement, but no vascular redistribution to
indicate associated cardiac failure.  The pacemaker is a dual
chamber. Electrodes again are noted.  The lungs show collapse
and consolidation of the left lower lobe behind the heart.
There are small bilateral pleural effusions present.  There
is some loss of translucency over the right lower zone and
along the minor intralobar fissure, could be do to posterior
layering.  [**4-14**] ultrasound of the gallbladder showed
gallbladder sludge without evidence of cholecystitis.  The
gallbladder was not thickened.  There was no pericholecystic
fluid or wall edema. The common bile duct is unremarkable and
measures 3 mm.  There is no intrahepatic ductal dilatation.

On [**2898-4-30**], the patient had video laryngeal swallow done.  It
shows a limited study without demonstration of aspiration.
There was early penetration and residual barium.  The patient
demonstrated some difficulty with swallowing instructions to
initiate spontaneous swallowing.  There was mild early
penetration demonstrated with nectar.  There was more frank
early penetration demonstrated with thin liquids as well as
early spillage.  No aspiration was witnesse...