

Admission Date:  [**2999-5-21**]       Discharge Date:  [**2999-6-21**]

Date of Birth:   [**2928-8-5**]       Sex:  M

Service:  THORACIC SURGERY

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mr. [**Known patient lastname 1992**] presented to [**Hospital3 6438**] Hospital on [**2999-5-17**] acutely short of breath.
He had a right chest tube placed for a pneumothorax.  After
placement of the this chest tube, he had a persistent air
leak and on the 7th developed subcutaneous emphysema.  On
arrival to [**Hospital3 9**] Hospital, he had supraventricular
tachycardia and eventually ruled in for a myocardial
infarction with a peak CK of 330 and a troponin of 3.7.  His
echocardiogram demonstrated mild left ventricular hypertrophy
with inferolateral hypokinesis and an ejection fraction of
40%.  He was transferred to the [**Hospital6 102**] after desaturation, recurrent pneumothorax and
subcutaneous emphysema with a persistent air leak.  He has a
long history of severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease
and radiologic studies demonstrated multiple blebs and bullae
in both lungs.

On arrival, the Cardiothoracic Surgery service placed a new
right chest tube with good effect.  He continued to have a
persistent air leak and on [**5-23**], underwent video
assisted thoracoscopy with a wedge resection of a bullous
thought to be the source of his leak.  The patient also
underwent pleurodesis.  His postoperative course was
complicated by Serratia and Methicillin resistant
Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia for which he was placed on
antibiotics.  He received ceftazidime and vancomycin directed
for his sensitivities.  The patient underwent tracheostomy
and placement of a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube a
week postoperatively for failure to wean and thrive.  His
mental status was quite depressed postoperatively and it took
him a long time to recover from the narcotics and sedatives
given.

At the time of discharge, he began to follow commands and
seemed to be attempting to mouth words.  A PICC line was
placed on [**6-7**] for antibiotics.  On [**6-10**], his chest
tube was removed.  He had two CT scans during his course for
his slow mental status.  They showed old basilar infarcts and
an atrophic brain.  His mental status had slowly improved.
His antibiotics were completed on [**6-13**].  He is receiving
ProMod with fiber at 65 cc an hour for his goal rate tube
feedings at time of discharge.  His activity is only
progressed to getting out of bed and being sat in the chair,
although he is more responsive and interactive now.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
2.  Non Hodgkin's lymphoma, low grade.
3.  Bladder cancer.
4.  Alcohol abuse with DTs in the past.  The patient has
already not had a drink in at least six weeks.
5.  Splenectomy for trauma.
6.  Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial
infarction [**2999-5-11**].
7.  Eighty pack year smoking history.

ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:
1.  Olanzapine 5 mg po q day
2.  Heparin 5000 units subcutaneous bid
3.  Aspirin 81 mg po q day
4.  Colace 100 mg po bid
5.  Lopressor 25 mg po bid
6.  Mupirocin cream 2% topical bid prn perirectal
7.  Mupirocin nasal ointment 2% applied bid prn perinasal
8.  Trazodone 25 mg po q hs prn
9.  Miconazole powder applied topically tid prn
10. Bisacodyl 10 mg po q day prn
11. N-acetyl ........... 3 to 5 ml nebulized q 4 to 6 hours
prn
12. Ativan 0.5 mg po or intravenous bid prn
13. Tylenol 650 mg po q4h prn

All of his po medications are actually given his PEG tube.

PHYSICAL EXAM ON DISCHARGE:
VITAL SIGNS:  Temperature 37.4??C, heart rate 80 sinus, blood
pressure 110/70, respiratory rate 14, O2 saturations 94% on
trach mask.
NEUROLOGIC:  No motor or sensory deficits.  The patient is
still somewhat withdrawn, will follow commands and attempts
to mouth words occasionally and tracks well.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient has coarse breath sounds
bilaterally with slight expiratory wheezes.
CARDIAC:  Reg...