

Admission Date:  [**2978-7-20**]       Discharge Date:  [**2978-8-11**]

Date of Birth:   [**2917-4-24**]       Sex:  M

Service:  MICU

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:   The patient is a 61-year-old
genetic male, status post sex change operation, with a past
medical history of asthma, who has been intubated once
before, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, who
complained of an upper respiratory infection for two days
prior to admission.  She was complaining of increased
shortness of breath, took three nebulizers on her own before
calling the ambulance.  She also started a prednisone taper
one day prior to admission.  She complained of productive
white sputum.  After not improving with this self-treatment,
she called an ambulance and was given nebulizers x 3 by the
EMTs.  Her saturations at that time were 88 to 91%.  She
denied any chest pain, palpitations, nausea, vomiting, or
lightheadedness.  She was able to talk in complete sentences
after ten nebulizer treatments while in the Emergency Room.
Oxygen saturation was 98% on 4 liters, and she was
hemodynamically stable.  Solu-Medrol 125 mg was given.

At approximately 5 A.M., the patient's shortness of breath
increased despite prior nebulizer treatments.  She also had
an episode of decreased heart rate and a question of asystole
with spontaneous return of her pulse.  Treatment for
hyperkalemia was initiated.  She was ventilated with a bag
valve mask, and by report, there were subsequent episodes of
asystole associated with increased resistance to bagging.
She ultimately was intubated for asystole and respiratory
decompensation.  She was started empirically on Levaquin 500
mg intravenously, and transferred to the Medical Intensive
Care Unit for further treatment and monitoring.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  PPD positive.  The patient is status post INH treatment
in [**2970**].
2.  Right foot cellulitis
3.  Reactive airway disease status post intubation x 1,
status post tracheostomy x 1, baseline peak flows are 275
4.  Question of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, no
documented pulmonary function tests, however, patient on 4
liters of oxygen at home at baseline
5.  Type 2 diabetes
6.  Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation
7.  Status post sex change operation.  The patient is a
genetic male.
8.  Hepatitis C positive
9.  Hepatitis B positive

ALLERGIES:   No known drug allergies.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:    Prednisone, albuterol, Atrovent
metered dose inhalers, Serevent metered dose inhaler, Flovent
metered dose inhaler, Glucophage, Coumadin, Wellbutrin.

FAMILY HISTORY:   Noncontributory.

SOCIAL HISTORY:   The patient lives alone, has one sister,
[**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **], who lives in [**State 4973**].  Her phone number is
[**Telephone/Fax (1) 6461**].  The patient is retired.  Occasional alcohol
use.  No current tobacco use, quit smoking cigarettes
approximately 15 years ago.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  In general, the patient is an obese
black male, who is intubated and sedated.  Head, eyes, ears,
nose and throat shows the patient to be normocephalic,
atraumatic head.  The pupils are fixed.  The endotracheal
tube is in place.  There is a well-healed tracheostomy scar.
Neck examination is difficult due to body habitus.  Jugular
venous pressure cannot be assessed.  The lung examination
shows diffuse wheezes bilaterally, with decreased breath
sounds throughout.  Heart examination shows the heart to be
distant, S1 and S2 are normal.  There are no murmurs, gallops
or rubs.  The abdomen is obese and soft.  There are positive
bowel sounds throughout.  The bladder is enlarged and tapped
to approximately halfway up the abdomen.  The extremities are
without clubbing or cyanosis, but there is 2+ edema in the
lower extremities.  The neurological examination is limited,
but the patient does withdraw appropriately to pain, and she
moves all extremities.  On genitourinary examination, the
patient is status post orchiectomy, and the Foley is unable
to be ...