

Admission Date:  [**3107-1-26**]       Discharge Date:  [**3107-1-31**]

Date of Birth:   [**3025-10-8**]       Sex:  M

Service:  BLUMGART

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Pneumonia/sepsis.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 81 year old Hispanic
male with a history of coronary artery disease status post
myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure with ejection
fraction of 31%, status post CVA with residual left sided
weakness, who was recently discharged from [**Hospital6 1521**] on [**1-21**] following a month long admission
for head and neck bilateral dissection of laryngeal cancer
and total laryngectomy and trach placement.  He presents with
progressive cough and fatigue per family.  His [**Hospital6 1521**] course was also notable for being discharged
on Flagyl, levofloxacin and Keflex for a two week course and
complicated by pharyngocutaneous fistula as well as Mobitz
type I arrhythmia.  He was sent to [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 4086**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] and one day
prior to admission he was noted to be in respiratory distress
with a respiratory rate of 30 to 32 and minimally responsive
to albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers.  Vital signs at that
time were temperature 98.3, blood pressure 160/100, heart
rate 104, 97% in room air.  Upon arrival at [**Hospital1 105**] blood pressure was 60/30,
respiratory rate 28, 98% on 100% tent mask.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Status post CVA with left sided
weakness.  Coronary artery disease status post myocardial
infarction.  Congestive heart failure with ejection fraction
of 31%.  Vitamin B-12 deficiency.  Head and neck cancer
status post total neck dissection and total laryngectomy with
subsequent trach placement.  Cataracts.  Aspiration.  Mobitz
type I heart block.

ALLERGIES:  Penicillin causes shortness of breath.

MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:  Topical bacitracin, glycopyrrolate
1 mg NG t.i.d., heparin subcu b.i.d., regular insulin sliding
scale, Reglan 10 mg NG q.i.d., Lopressor 25 mg NG b.i.d.,
Flagyl 500 mg NG t.i.d., nystatin 2 million units swish and
spit t.i.d., Zantac 150 mg NG b.i.d., pravastatin 20 mg NG
q.d., Roxicet 5 to 10 cc q.four hours, levofloxacin 250 mg NG
q.d., Keflex 500 mg NG q.i.d., albuterol and Atrovent
nebulizers, aliconazole powder, Jevity tube feeds at 85 cc an
hour, fluconazole 100 mg NG q.d. times seven days, free water
150 cc NG q.eight hours.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Temperature 97.0, blood pressure
117/61, heart rate 88, respiratory rate 12, 100% on trach
mask.  In general, patient was awake, responded to yes/no
questions, nonverbal, breathing comfortably.  HEENT left
surgical pupil.  Right pupil 3 mm.  Anicteric sclerae.  Neck
supple.  Well healed surgical scars with no fluctuance of
discharge.  Tracheostomy clean, dry and intact.  Oropharynx
with thrush on tongue.  Cardiovascular exam regular rate and
rhythm, normal S1, S2.  Lungs clear to auscultation on left
anterior laterally, decreased breath sounds with occasional
crackles on right.  Abdominal exam soft, distended,
percussive, decreased bowel sounds, no suprapubic tenderness.
Extremities warm, no ulcers, no cyanosis, clubbing or edema.

LABORATORY DATA:  White count 19.5, 77% neutrophils, 18%
lymphocytes, hematocrit 36.9, platelets 441, MCV 99.  Sodium
130, potassium 5.9, chloride 97, CO2 25, BUN 23, creatinine
0.7, glucose 314.  Urinalysis was positive for nitrites, 500
glucose, 0 to 2 white blood cells, occasional bacteria, no
yeast.  Chest x-ray revealed diffuse right infiltrates
consistent with aspiration pneumonia, also possible left
lower lobe pneumonia.  EKG #1 revealed tachycardia at 122, no
P waves seen, new right bundle branch block with T wave
inversions in V1 through V5, Q waves in V2 through V5.  EKG
#2 revealed sinus tachycardia at 106, normal axis, old ST
depressions in V5 through V6, T wave inversion in V4, old Qs
in V3 and V4 with resolved right bundle branch block.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted directly to the
medical intensive care unit for control of hi...