
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3373-6-8**]              Discharge Date:   [**3373-6-15**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3312-9-4**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: CARDIOTHORACIC
 
Allergies: 
Penicillins / Cephalosporins / Tegretol
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 2819**] 
Chief Complaint:
Dyspnea
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Tracheostomy, PEG placement

 
History of Present Illness:
60F transferred from outside hospital after presenting with 
acute onset of shortness of breath requiring intubation, 
subsequent extubation and re-intubation for stridor, and 
treatment for E coli pneumonia.
 
Past Medical History:
Dysphagia, GERD, ICD implantation, Diabetes type 2, Coronary 
artery disease, h/o herpes, Depression
 
Physical Exam:
T 99.0, HR 72, BP 160/62, RR 24, O2 sat 100% on controlled 
mechanical ventilation.
No distress
Lungs clear bilaterally
Trach site clean
Heart RRR, nl S1S2
Abd soft, PEG site clean, no distention
Ext warm, trace pedal edema
 
Pertinent Results:
[**3373-6-8**] 09:47PM   TYPE-ART RATES-20/ TIDAL VOL-500 PEEP-5 O2-30 
PO2-71* PCO2-32* PH-7.53* TOTAL CO2-28 BASE XS-4 -ASSIST/CON 
INTUBATED-INTUBATED
[**3373-6-8**] 08:47PM   GLUCOSE-199* UREA N-11 CREAT-0.4 SODIUM-141 
POTASSIUM-3.7 CHLORIDE-107 TOTAL CO2-26 ANION GAP-12
[**3373-6-8**] 08:47PM   WBC-9.1 RBC-3.31* HGB-9.8* HCT-29.9* MCV-90 
MCH-29.6 MCHC-32.8 RDW-16.6*
 
Brief Hospital Course:
60F transferred from outside hospital to Interventional 
Pulmonology service intubated and being treated for pneumonia. A 
CT trachea was obtained showing tracheal narrowing at the level 
of the thyroid, confirmed by bronchoscopic exam. She underwent 
tracheostomy and PEG placement on [**3373-6-10**], recovered well from 
these procedures, and was deemed fit for discharge on [**3373-6-11**] 
with instructions to start tube feeding at 6pm (24 hours after 
surgery).
 
Medications on Admission:
Meds at nursing home prior to presentation:

Lysine, Lorazepam, Aspirin, Lisinopril, Valproic acid, Novolin, 
Glucophage, Celexa, Protonix, Lipitor, Senna
 
Discharge Medications:
1. Bisacodyl 5 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: Two (2) 
Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) PO DAILY (Daily) as needed.  
2. Docusate Sodium 50 mg/5 mL Liquid Sig: One (1)  PO BID (2 
times a day).  
3. Heparin (Porcine) 5,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1)  
Injection TID (3 times a day).  
4. Valproate Sodium 250 mg/5 mL Syrup Sig: One (1)  PO Q8H 
(every 8 hours).  
5. Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily). 
 
6. Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO BID (2 
times a day).  
7. Insulin Regular Human 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: Sliding scale 
 Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED).  
8. Ranitidine HCl 15 mg/mL Syrup Sig: One (1)  PO BID (2 times a 
day).  

 
Discharge Disposition:
Extended Care
 
Discharge Diagnosis:
Dysphagia, GERD, Diabetes, Coronary artery disease, Depression

 
Discharge Condition:
Fair

 
Discharge Instructions:
Please call Dr.[**Doctor Last Name 9960**] office ([**Telephone/Fax (1) 2820**]) with any 
questions or concerns including abdominal distention, problems 
with the tracheostomy or PEG, fever >101.5, purulent drainage 
from incisions, etc.
 
Followup Instructions:
Call Dr.[**Doctor Last Name 9960**] office for follow-up, [**Telephone/Fax (1) 2820**]. 
Recommend Replete w/fiber with goal 60cc/hr: start at 10cc/hr 
and advance by 20cc q6h to goal, flushing with 30cc of water 
q6h.

 
                             [**Name6 (MD) 1601**] [**Name8 (MD) **] MD [**MD Number 2827**]
 
Completed by: [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 931**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 932**] MD [**MD Number 933**] [**3373-6-11**] @ 1103
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name (STitle) 1601**] [**Doctor Last Name **]
 on: WED [**3373-6-23**] 2:27 PM
(End of Report)


