


Admission Date:  [**3082-4-21**]     Discharge Date:  [**3082-5-25**]

Date of Birth:   [**3032-9-10**]     Sex:  M


ADDENDUM:  This addendum will cover the patient's course
after he was transferred from the Intensive Care Unit to the
floor.

alcohol abuse and hepatitis C with liver cirrhosis.  He was
admitted to the hospital with a variceal bleed, and
subsequently developed aspiration pneumonia and ARDS.  The
patient had a long course in the MICU and was eventually
weaned from his intubation onto a trach mask.  He was put on
Vancomycin, Ceftazidime for his pneumonia.

164/90, pulse 64, respirations 20, satting 100% on 40% trach,
600 in/3,050 out in the Foley and one OB negative bowel
movement.  Generally, this was a somewhat cachectic man lying
in bed in no acute distress, alert and oriented.  HEENT:
Extraocular movements intact, pupils are equal, round, and
reactive to light and accommodation, no scleral icterus, no
oropharyngeal thrush.  Neck, no JVD or lymphadenopathy.
Chest, diffuse bilateral rhonchi without rales.  Cardiac,
regular rate and rhythm, S1 and S2, no rubs, gallops or
murmurs.  Abdomen, moderately distended, normoactive bowel
sounds, nontender, no appreciable hepatosplenomegaly.
Extremities, no edema, clubbing, cyanosis.  Neuro, no focal
neuro deficits.  Skin, no rashes present.

LABORATORY DATA:  On transfer showed white count 5.9,
hematocrit 28.5, platelet count 134,000, PT 14.9, PTT 33.3,
INR 1.5, sodium 135, potassium 3.6, chloride 104, CO2 24, BUN
10, creatinine 0.6, glucose 105, ALT 37, AST 62, alkaline
phosphatase 96, total bilirubin 1.0, calcium 8.5, phosphorus
2.9, magnesium 1.6.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  While on the medicine unit.
[**Unit Number **].  Pulmonary:  The patient's pulmonary status continued to
improve while he was on the floor.  He initially had
complained of airway obstruction when his tracheostomy tube
was capped for speaking and this was exchanged with a smaller
diameter tracheostomy tube, which the patient tolerated very
well.  The patient's pulmonary status continued to improve
such that he gradually was weaned off the tracheostomy mask
and could tolerate room air and still hold saturations in the
high 90%.  He was weaned off his trach and decannulated from
the trach tube on floor day #6 and tolerated this very well.

2.  ID:  The patient was on Vancomycin as treatment for
pneumonia which was later complicated by ARDS.  The patient
showed no signs of pneumonia while on the floor with high
saturations, chest exam without rales.  He did cough up a
large amount of sputum on floor days #1 and 2 while his
pneumonia and ARDS were resolving but this declined towards
the end of his floor stay.  The patient did not show any
signs of other infection during his floor stay and was
continued on Vancomycin the entire time.  He will require 14
total days of Vancomycin and therefore needs to continue up
to the 14th day upon discharge.

3.  GI:  The patient has a history of alcoholic liver
cirrhosis and hepatitis C, as well as variceal bleeding,
portal gastropathy.  His liver function was stable while on
the floor with little change in his coagulation studies or
liver function tests.  The patient will require a repeat EGD
exam about 4 weeks status post discharge.

4.  Fluids & Electrolytes:  The patient experienced a large
diuresis from his ARDS third spacing while on the floor.  He
was 15 liters positive while in the unit and proceeded to
diurese to be 15 liters negative while on the floor.  Upon
discharge he was normovolemic, maintained good blood
pressures and normal pulse.  His electrolytes were stable
with occasional dips in potassium which was readily replaced
with po 40 mg of potassium.  Patient's nutritional status
upon admission to the floor, the patient had an NG tube which
was pulled out on one occasion and fell out on another.  The
patient had a post pyloric tube placed which also fell out.
During the time the NG tubes were in, he was fed tube feeds.
After the post pyloric tube fell out, t...