
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3080-5-11**]              Discharge Date:   [**3080-6-17**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3014-11-3**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: OTOLARYNGOLOGY
 
Allergies: 
Haldol
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 3208**] 
Chief Complaint:
Left neck mass with bleeding and airway obstruction
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
1. Tracheostomy
2. Neck mass biopsy [**3080-5-14**]
3. Carotid angiography
4. Direct laryngoscopy and neck mass biopsy [**3080-6-4**]
5. G-tube placement (IR) [**3080-6-14**]
 
History of Present Illness:
Mr. [**Known patient lastname 3209**] is a 65 year old male s/p ICH in [**3060**] secondary to 
cerebral aneurysm, with baseline dysarthric, hoarse speech.  
During his normal routine, the patient goes to adult day 
program, comes home, eats dinner, and watches television.

On [**3080-5-11**], shortly after returning home and eating a meal, the 
patient complained to his wife of neck discomfort.  His wife 
looked in his throat and saw minimal "redness," and offered the 
patient some ice cream and water with minimal relief. As the 
patient usually has minimal complaints, she contacted her 
physician who recommended ER evaluation.

In [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 2811**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **], patient initially had stable vital signs, and 
underwent CT scan.  Very soon after this test developed 
respiratory distress, able to be ventilated with Ambu bag. 
Despite bag ventilation, O2 saturation drops and intubation is 
attempted. Impossible to visualize vocal folds with MAC blade 
secondary to large 'vascular-looking mass on L pharynx from 
tonsilar region to posterior pharynx.' and airway is occluded 
due to blood accumulation. Patient underwent emergency surgical 
airway in ER and is transferred to [**Hospital1 25**] with tracheostomy tube 
and a stable respiratory status.

Mr. [**Known patient lastname 3209**] was transferred to [**Hospital1 25**] ER for further 
management.
 
Past Medical History:
1. Cerebral aneurysm 1986 s/p surgical clipping, complicated by 
intracranial bleed.
2. Seizure x1 in [**3068**], on chronic depakote and seizure-free 
since this time
3. s/p cholecystectomy
4. s/p AAA s/p aortobifemoral stenting
 
Social History:
Lives with wife and daughter.  Patient is disabled with 
secondary mental retardation, wheelchair bound secondary to 
balance difficulties.  At baseline will obey commands and able 
to converse, but reported poor memory for recent events.
 
Family History:
NC
 
Physical Exam:
Patient afebrile, in NAD, no SOB;
98.3 / 55 / 124/74 / 18 / 97 TM
Pulm: vesicular sounds bilat. with rhonchi due to upper airway 
secretions;
Trache tube: Portex #6 cuffless, fenestrated; skin around trache 
is clean, slightly red and swollen as wound (pressure wound) is 
recovering; some secretions;
Neck: soft, non tender; 
Cardiovasc: auscult.: RRR, no abnormal sound or murmur; 
peripheral pulse weak but present; IV site: clean, non tender, 
no redness; ankles: no sign of DVT;
Abdominal: [**Last Name (un) 1909**]. soft, non tender, no defense or rebound; BS 
normal; G-tube site:no drainage; packed - see instructions for 
maitenance at 7-10 days; 

Neuro: s/p SAH and residual mental and motor impairment; patient 
is pleasant and cooperative but not well oriented in time or 
space; limited judgement ability (wife has POA); impaired 
memory; impaired speech/dysarthria; as prior to hospitalization, 
patient is wheel chair bound b/c of dystonic movements of 4 
limbs; 
 
Pertinent Results:
CT neck [**5-12**]: Asymmetric soft tissue density in the left neck 
extending from the region superior to the hyoid bone, producing 
mass effect upon the epiglottis and valleculae and severe 
narrowing of the airway down to the level of the false cords 
with apparent mass effect, possibly pushing the false cords and 
cricoid cartilage to the right. A tracheostomy tube is 
demonstrated. The imaged portions of the lung apices demonstrate 
patchy ground-glass opacity, left greater than right. Th...