
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**2723-7-14**]              Discharge Date:   [**2723-8-2**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2668-3-12**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: MEDICINE
 
Allergies: 
Lithium / Paxil / Prozac
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 534**] 
Chief Complaint:
Shortness of breath
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Intubation
Central line placement
Arterial line placement
Tracheostomy tube placement, PICC line placement, dobhoff 
placement

 
History of Present Illness:
55F with PMH significant for alcohol abuse, asthma, and seizure 
disorder who was admitted from the ED with PNA and ETOH 
withdrawal transferred to MICU after an acute episode of hypoxia 
to 65% and hypotension.  She was in her usual state of health 
until the morning of [**2723-7-14**] when she awoke feeling SOB. She 
reports that she felt SOB at rest and with exertion. In 
addition, she had cough productive of green and yellow sputum 
without hemoptysis. She is unaware if she had any fevers at home 
but reports that it was elevated at the OSH. She is unaware of 
any sick contacts but reports that she did lose consciousness 
and possibly vomited during this time in the past week. The 
patient also reported a sore throat, chest pain with coughing. 
Denies abdominal pain, nausea. Mild diarrhea.  In the ED, the 
pt's VS were 101.1 125 106/50 21 92% RA. Pt was found to have a 
left lower lobe PNA on CXR. She received ceftriaxone 1 mg IV x1 
and azithromycin 500 mg PO x1 in the ED. Pt also starting to 
withdraw in the ED. On the medical floor, she was kept on 
ceftriaxone, azithromycin, and clindamycin. Her oxygen 
saturations on the morning of transfer were 86% at 0600, 90% on 
RA at 1000. The patient walked to the bathroom and became 
acutely short of breath. She was placed on a NRB 100% with a 
100% oxygenation and transferred to the MICU
 
Past Medical History:
1. ETOH abuse: Pt reports that she drinks 1 pint of vodka per 
day. Has been through rehab in the past but always drinks again. 
Has had multiple seizures while withdrawing. Reports that her 
last drink was 1.5 days ago.  
2. Tobacco abuse  
3. Asthma- Pt reports that this was recetly diagnosed and she 
uses her inhalers at home.  
4. Seizure disorder- Per pt, her seizures occur in the context 
of her coming off ETOH. Her last seizure was two weeks ago.  
5. S/P tracheostomy 20 yrs ago for "coma"  

 
Social History:
Pt lives with her mother. She has smoked 1 pack perday for 
approximately 40 years. She drinks 1 pint of vodka per day. 
Denies drug use. Denies any IV drug use in the past. Pt reports 
that her PCP is [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] in [**Location 6516**]. 
 
Family History:
Noncontributor
 
Physical Exam:
98.9 110s 80/p 30 100% on 100% NRB  
Gen: alert and oriented, in acute respiratory distress  
HEENT- NC AT. PERRL. EOMI. Anicteric sclera. MMM. Mild erythema 
of the oropharynx.  
Cardiac- Tachycardic. Regular rhythem. No m,r,g.  
Pulm- Bilateral rales L >> R [**1-28**] way up, +diffuse exp wheezes  
Abdomen- Soft. nontender. No rebound or guarding. ND. Positive 
bowel sounds.  
Extremities- No c/c/e. 2+ DP pulses bilaterally.  
Neuro- CN II-XII intact. 5/5 strength in upper and lower 
extremities bilaterally.  

 
Pertinent Results:
[**2723-7-14**] 10:00PM   WBC-13.2* RBC-3.45* HGB-11.1* HCT-32.5* 
MCV-94 MCH-32.2* MCHC-34.2 RDW-13.7
[**2723-7-14**] 10:00PM   GLUCOSE-125* UREA N-7 CREAT-0.5 SODIUM-130* 
POTASSIUM-3.6 CHLORIDE-94* TOTAL CO2-23 ANION GAP-17

Chest CT: Focal consolidation right lower lobe, concerning for 
infectious pneumonia. Diffuse ground glass opacities, concerning 
for pneumonia complicated by ARDS. Underlying diffuse lung 
disease with organizing fibrosis and foci of pulmonary 
ossification, a finding that can accompany chronic interstitial 
fibrosis.  Background emphysematous change. Mediastinal 
lymphadenopathy, likely representing hyperplastic nodes in the 
setting of diffuse lung disease

Echo: EF ...