
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3012-3-6**]              Discharge Date:   [**3012-3-12**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2946-1-10**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: MEDICINE
 
Allergies: 
Zantac / Morphine
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 296**] 
Chief Complaint:
Respiratory failure, Airway collapse
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Rigid and flexible bronchoscopy
 
History of Present Illness:
66M  partial-quadriplegia admitted to [**Hospital3 **] ICU on [**2-4**] for 
respiratory distress (decreased o2 sat, cough , sputum).  Init. 
started on azithromycin and ceftriaxone. CT [**3012-2-4**] showed no 
evidence of PE but collapse of RM and RLL.  Pulmonary service 
(Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 8300**]) consulted. PFTS on [**2-5**] showed severe obstructive 
and restrictive disease. Bronch on [**2-11**] showed moderate 
plugging; complicated by epistaxis.  On [**2-13**] trach was placed, 
dilation of airway on [**2-22**] and permanent trach placed on [**2-27**].  
CT on [**3-2**] showed collpase of RML and RLL with small effusions 
(right greater than left).  Sputum from [**2-28**] had serratia [**Last Name (un) 2843**] to 
zosyn. [**2-23**] Urine cx + for pseudomonas.  Patient received 
vancomycin for MRSA.  Per report had developed low-grade fever 3 
days prior to admission and was started on Zoysn 3.375 q6.  (has 
dopoff)
.
Per pulmonologists' note patient had symptoms of dyspnea in 
january initially treated with diuretics.  No 
f/c/nausea/vomitting/abdominal pain/chest pain/diarrhea. Patient 
complains of chronic back pain.
 
Past Medical History:
generalized weakness following cervical spin surgery in [**3001**]
recurrent atelectasis and airway collapse of RML, RLL
s/p tracheostomy [**2-13**] with revision [**2-21**] and permanent trach 
[**3012-2-27**]
obesity, history of IVC fiter
sputum w/serratia, urine w/pseuodomonas and MRSA and 
Enterococcus
HTN, neurogenic bladder, GERD, Anxiety, a.fib, ?sick sinus 
syndrome.
cervical spinal stenosis
 
Social History:
Social : married. no tobacco, no etoh. former database analyst. 
(former smoker, 2 packs per day X 25, quit 10 years ago)
 
Family History:
Family: MI in father age 55 (died), mother died 79 cancer
 
Physical Exam:
PE: T 99.5 (per OSH max today at 101.3), BP 107/56-123/68 HR 
92-101, R 15-19, 94-97% on vent. CPAP/PS 20/5/.6
Gen: obese gentleman, w/trach, no NAD, diaphoretic
HEENT: OP dry, neck w/trach non-erythematous, w/NG tube
CV: RRR distant no m/r/g
LUNG: diffuse ronchi bilaterally, decreased bs on R base 
compared to left
ABd: +bs/NT/ND
EXT: w/edema in LE bilaterally, pale skin, slight erythema base 
left leg (does not appear infected), backside intact no 
decubitus
Neuro: patient able to move right hand slightly, able to shift 
legs in bed, CN [**2-8**] intact, symmetric
Skin: w/psoriatic lesions
 
Pertinent Results:
[**3012-2-28**] bicarb 27.1, ABG 7.4 / 44 / 109 T collar .5
[**3-1**] random [**Doctor Last Name **] 19.4, 
UA: [**2-29**] UA 1.010/trace protein  // trace blood, urine nitritie 
positive, trace le, [**12-30**] WBC, few epith, 1+bacteria
[**3-6**] 
Na 144, K 3.9, Chloride 105, carbon dioxide 27, BUn 41 Cr 1.4 
(up from 1) Gluocse 139, ca 8.8, T bili 0.8, ast 31, alt 44 
total protein 5.9, albumin 2.7, alk phos 196 (up from 103)
Pt 14.4, INR 1.1 PTT 27.2
WBC: [**3012-3-6**] WBC 12.9, HCT 32.1 Platelet 170s MCV 89
EKG [**3012-2-4**]: afib , VPCs, small q in 2/3/avf, LAD
CTA [**2-4**]: complete opacification and collapse of the RML and RLL 
with opacification of the accompanying bronchi. (postobstructive 
collapse due to mass or severe aspiration pna.)
PFTs [**3012-2-5**]: FEV 22%, FEV1 29%, TCL 6.57, dlco 31.7, fev1/fvc 
79%
Bronch [**2-11**]: extensive mucoid plugs throughout the entire lung, 
edema of main airways and collapse of main airways secondary to 
patient's obesity
U/s [**2-11**] no dvts in thighs
Echo: [**3012-2-12**]: ef 50%, mild septal flattening, loculated post 
effusion. 
Cxray [**3-2**]: bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left, 
in...