

Admission Date:  [**2592-10-3**]       Discharge Date:  [**2592-10-12**]

Date of Birth:   [**2508-5-14**]       Sex:  M

Service:  THORACIC SURGERY

HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 85-year-old male
with a history of coronary artery disease and mitral
regurgitation requiring a coronary artery bypass graft and
mitral valve replacement in [**2589**] who had a complicated
recovery since the surgery with pneumonia and a history of
intubation.  The patient was complaining of
progressive dyspnea since his recovery from the cardiac
surgery and was evaluated with a CAT scan in [**2591-6-20**] and
was found to have high tracheal stenosis at the level of the
thoracic inlet with the lumen approximately 7 mm in diameter.
However, the patient was hesitant in seeking help and finally
consulted Dr. [**First Name (STitle) **] [**Name (STitle) 1596**] of Interventional Pulmonology and
presents for a flexible bronchoscopy on the day of admission.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Coronary artery disease, status post CABG and MVR in
[**2589**].
2.  History of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter.
3.  History of left atrial clot for which the patient has
been taking Coumadin.
4.  History of posterior circulation CVA.
5.  Obstructive [**Doctor Last Name 314**] apnea requiring CPAP.
6.  History of hip fracture, status post surgical repair.
7.  History of fall with recent subdural hemorrhage which is
stable.
8.  History of seizure disorder.
9.  Benign prostatic hyperplasia.
10. Hyperthyroidism.
11. Irritable bowel syndrome.

ADMISSION MEDICATIONS:
1.  Celexa 40 mg q.d.
2.  Provigil 200 mg q.a.m.
3.  Cozaar 25 mg q.d.
4.  Coumadin, alternating doses of 5 mg and 7.5 mg.
5.  Lasix 40 mg p.o. q.d.
6.  [**First Name5 (NamePattern1) 122**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 123**] 10 mEq q. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
7.  Tegretol 100 mg p.o. b.i.d.
8.  Flomax 0.4 mg q.h.s.
9.  Guaifenesin 600 mg b.i.d.
10. Celebrex 200 mg q.d.
11. Albuterol/Atrovent nebulizer treatments.

ALLERGIES:  The patient is allergic to phenothiazine,
Demerol, and iodine-based IV contrast.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  Significant for tobacco smoking.  He quit at
the age of 30.  Social alcohol consumption.

LABORATORY/RADIOLOGIC DATA:  On admission, white count 5.4,
hematocrit 37.8, platelets 166,000.  PT/PTT 15.8/29.3, INR
1.7.  Chemistries revealed a sodium of 141, potassium 4.3,
chloride 105, C02 26, BUN 24, creatinine 0.9 with a glucose
of 115, calcium 9.3, magnesium 1.9, phosphate 3.3.

Pulmonary function testing done on [**2592-7-13**] with
moderate to restrictive impairment with decreased FVC and
FEV1 and normal FEV1/FVC.

Transthoracic echocardiogram done on [**2592-9-14**]
showed left atrium mildly dilated with an abnormal shadowing
echodensity in the posterior portion consistent with a clot,
moderate to severely reduced global left ventricular systolic
function with an ejection fraction of 20-25% consistent with
his history of MI, coronary artery disease, status post CABG.

Chest CT done on [**2592-9-12**] showed a small subdural hemorrhage
along the right tentorium, cerebellum, without mass affect,
small right frontal and parietal infarcted areas were noted.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Vital signs:  The patient
was afebrile with a temperature of 96.7, heart rate 78, blood
pressure 120/64, respiratory rate 20, saturating at 96% on
room air.  General:  The patient was alert and oriented times
three, in no apparent distress.  The patient stridorous but
speaking.  HEENT:  Pupils were equally round and reactive to
light and accommodation with extraocular movements intact.
The oropharynx was clear without any lesions.  Neck:  Supple,
nontender, no bruits noted.  Lungs:  Clear to auscultation
bilaterally with transmitted upper airway noise.
Cardiovascular:  Irregularly/irregular heart rate, no audible
murmurs.  Abdomen:  Bowel sounds soft, nontender,
nondistended, no hepatosplenomegaly appreciated.
Extremities:  No edema with good palpable dorsalis pedis
pul...
