


Admission Date:  [**3159-2-17**]     Discharge Date:  [**3159-2-24**]

Date of Birth:   [**3107-8-18**]     Sex:  M

Service:  MICU

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Increased secretions.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 51-year-old
male with severe restrictive lung disease secondary to polio
and severe right kyphoscoliosis and paraplegia, COPD on
chronic steroids, status post trach, who presents with a
chief complaint of increased secretions.  The patient reports
that within the last few days he has been experiencing some
shortness of breath and increased secretions and requested
assistance by calling EMS.  The patient has a home vent which
is set at pressure support of 15 by 5 and FIO2 of 21% by
EMTs.  He was brought to the Emergency Room where chest x-ray
was performed which was unremarkable for infiltrate.  The
patient was suctioned with medium amount of white sputum.
While in the Emergency Room the patient was noted to have
increased congestion and transient saturation to 90%.  The
patient's saturation improved while being bagged.  He was
suctioned and his blood pressure elevated to 200/100.  He was
given Hydralazine and transferred to medical ICU for further
evaluation.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1) Restrictive lung disease secondary
to kyphosis, polio.  No pulmonary function tests available.
2) Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.  3) Bronchiectasis
status post multiple pneumonias.  4) Chronic tracheostomy.
Patient reports he is vented at night and is able to tolerate
trach mask during the day.  5) Hypertension.  6) History of
DVT in 11/92.  7) History of C. diff in 7/94.  8) Chronic
pain syndrome.  9) Obesity.  10) Recent admission to [**Hospital1 2124**] with
treatment with high dose steroids tapered and Levaquin.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

MEDICATIONS:  On admission, Methyldopa 250 mg bid, Nexium 300
mg q d, KCL, Lasix 40 mg po q d, Singular 10 mg q d,
Prednisone 10 mg being tapered down per script, Levaquin 500
mg, Slo-Bid 300 mg q d, Tylenol #3 for back pain prn, Bactrim
q d.

REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  Significant for back pain, cough with
sputum that is yellowish, reported low grade fevers, no
chills or shakes, no abdominal pain, diarrhea, constipation
or dysuria.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  Patient lives at home and has VNA services
provided 8 hours per day.  VNA phone number is [**Telephone/Fax (1) 8739**].
His stent is serviced by [**Last Name (un) 8740**] [**Telephone/Fax (1) 8741**].

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Generally patient is a chronically ill
appearing man with trach.  Marked obesity, especially of the
neck.  Vital signs, temperature 100.5, pulse 96, blood
pressure 171/68, respiratory rate 16, O2 saturation 98% on
21% FIO2, set at pressure support of 15 and PEEP of 5.
HEENT: Pupils round and reactive to light, JVD unable to
assess secondary to neck obesity, mucus membranes moist.
Heart, regular rate and rhythm, no murmur, rub or gallop,
hyperdynamic PMI.  Lungs rhonchorus bilaterally without
wheezes.  Abdomen soft, nontender, non distended with well
healed midline scar.  Extremities with 1+ bilateral edema.
Neuro, alert and oriented times three, bilateral hand grip
with normal strength, 1+ strength in lower extremities, deep
tendon reflexes 0-1+ throughout.

LABORATORY DATA:  On admission revealed white count of 10.2
with differential of 68 neutrophils, 20 lymphs, 9 monos,
hematocrit 42.5, and platelet count 316,000.  His sodium was
141, potassium 2.6, chloride 105, CO2 24, BUN 10 and
creatinine 0.2, glucose 87.  PTT 22.1, INR 1.2.

EKG showed normal sinus rhythm at 97 beats per minute, normal
intervals, axis 97 degrees, right atrial enlargement, poor R
wave progression, 1 PAC, T wave flattening and T wave
inversion in V1 to V3, right bundle branch block appearing.
This was the EKG in the Emergency Room.  On arrival to the
floor the patient was also noted to have ST depression of 1
mm in 3 and F with heart rate at 116 and blood pressure of
213/89.

Chest x-ray showed severe right kyphoscoliosis, no effusion,
...