
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3160-2-26**]              Discharge Date:   [**3160-3-10**]
 
Service: MEDICINE
 
Date of Birth:  [**3086-7-1**]             Sex:   F
 
Allergies: 
Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 1583**] 
Chief Complaint:
Shortness of breath, Confusion
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Endotracheal Intubation
PICC line
Tracheostomy and PEG placement

 
History of Present Illness:
73yo F wtih severe COPD on home 02 and with past intubations 
here with COPD exacerbation. Poor historian and never been here 
before. Sent from [**Hospital 4047**] hospital b/c no ICU beds.  
.  
C/o SOB x few days. Unclear if f/c. Increased sputum x "months". 
Does not take inhalers at home. Has never seen pulmonologist.  
.  
At OSH, given nebs, solumedrol amd did not tol BiPap due to 
discomfort. ABG on 2L NC: 7.23/94/60. At [**Hospital1 13**] ED, given nebs, 
azithro, CTX and repeat ABG: 7.27/91/65. Admit to MICU for obs.  

.  

 
Past Medical History:
1. COPD- On home O2. H/o intubations in the past, most recently 
1 month ago at [**Hospital 4047**] Hospital. Baseline pC02 55-60 [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] 
[**Hospital **] hospital. Denies any inhalers at home.  
2. HTN. On Nisoldipine.  
3. Hypercholesterolemia. On pravachol.  
4. Hypothyroid. On synthroid.  

 
Social History:
Lives at home with husband and son. No Alcohol use. Remote 
tobacco use, but none currently.
 
Family History:
NC
 
Physical Exam:
T98.8; BP 200/86; HR 93; RR 26; 93% on 4LNC
Gen: Mild respiratory distress, speaking in full sentences
HEENT: Mucous membranes dry
Neck: USing accesory muscles to breath 
Lungs: Crackles L base > R base
Cor: tachy, no nurmurs, rubs or gallops
Abd: soft, NT/ND/ NABS
Ext: No c/c/e
Neuro: Alert and priented x 3, moving all 4 extremities
 
Pertinent Results:
Admission Labs:
[**3160-2-26**] 09:32PM   GLUCOSE-239* UREA N-18 CREAT-0.4 SODIUM-141 
POTASSIUM-4.0 CHLORIDE-97 TOTAL CO2-39* ANION GAP-9
[**3160-2-26**] 09:32PM   WBC-12.8* RBC-4.17* HGB-12.2 HCT-40.0 MCV-96 
MCH-29.3 MCHC-30.6* RDW-14.3
[**3160-2-26**] 09:32PM   PLT COUNT-332
[**3160-2-26**] 10:33PM   PO2-65* PCO2-91* PH-7.27* TOTAL CO2-44* BASE 
XS-10
.
[**3160-2-26**] CXR:
FINDINGS: There is mild cardiac enlargement. Unfolding of the 
thoracic aorta. Prominence of the central pulmonary arteries and 
upper zone pulmonary vasculature. There is hyperinflation of the 
lungs, with flattened hemidiaphragms bilaterally. Linear opacity 
at the right base is consistent with plate-like atelectasis. 
There is slight prominence of the interstitial markings 
peripherally. No pneumothorax. The surrounding osseous 
structures appear unremarkable.

IMPRESSION:
1) Mild cardiomegaly and mild congestive heart failure.

2) Underlying emphysematous changes
.
Transthoracic ECHO: [**3160-3-2**]: The left atrium is normal in size. 
There is mild symmetric left ventricular  hypertrophy with 
normal cavity size and systolic function (LVEF>55%). Regional  
left ventricular wall motion is normal. The right ventricular 
cavity is mildly  dilated. Right ventricular systolic function 
is normal. The aortic root is  mildly dilated. The aortic valve 
leaflets (3) are mildly thickened but aortic  stenosis is not 
present. Trace aortic regurgitation is seen. The mitral valve  
leaflets are mildly thickened. There is no mitral valve 
prolapse. Mild (1+)  mitral regurgitation is seen. There is mild 
pulmonary artery systolic  
hypertension. There is no pericardial effusion.  
.

[**3160-3-9**] Abdominal CT:
CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH IV CONTRAST: There are trace bilateral 
pleural effusions with associated atelectasis.

The PEG tube is in place. Contrast enters the stomach and passes 
freely through the small bowel and into the large bowel. No 
evidence of extravasation of contrast. There is no 
intraabdominal free air. There are no intraabdominal fluid 
collections or evidence of intraabdominal abscess. There is a 
calcified gallstone without eviden...