
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3235-10-15**]              Discharge Date:   [**3235-11-14**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3167-10-24**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: NEUROLOGY
 
Allergies: 
Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 217**] 
Chief Complaint:
Slurred speech then unresponsiveness
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
PEG Tube placement [**10-19**]
Tracheostomy, trach mask  [**10-19**]

 
History of Present Illness:
Pt is a 67 year old man with hypertension, prior MI, on 
Coumadin, who developed slurred speech this AM. Later found by 
his wife on the bathroom floor, poorly responsive with left 
sided weakness. c/o headache upon arrival to the [**Hospital3 713**] 
ED. Head CT revealed large R intraparenchymal hemorrhage. INR 
3.1; 
received VitK x1. Also received Ativan 1mg x1 and Labetalol 15mg 
x1. Intubated (Versed 6mg, Succinylcholine 125mg)prior to 
transfer to [**Hospital1 25**]. 
 
In the [**Hospital1 23**] ED, repeat head CT obtained. Received FFP 1 unit, also 
received Factor IX complex (includes Factor VII). Loaded with 
Dilantin 1000mg.
 
Past Medical History:
- MI (10 years ago) 
- s/p cardiac arrest (in setting of MI)
- Hypercholesterolemia 
- Hypertension 
 
Social History:
Was living with his wife prior to hospitalization.
 
Family History:
Unknown
 
Physical Exam:
Physical Exam on admission:
T 97.1 HR 77 BP 150/110 RR 13 O2sat 100% 
Gen - Intubated, sedated 
HEENT - NCAT, MMM pink, cervical collar in place 
CV - RRR, no m/r/g Lungs - good air movement throughout 
Abd - soft, NDNT 
Ext - 2+distal pulses, cap refill <2sec 
 
Neuro Exam: 
MS - Sedated. Not responsive to loud voice, but stirs to sternal 
rub. Not following commands. 
CN - PERRL, but sluggish. eye movements not tested w/Doll's eye 
maneuver d/t presence of cervical collar. +corneal reflexes 
bilaterally. Intact sensation to nasal tickle; +gag reflex. 
Unable to assess for facial droop d/t intubation and tape over 
face. 
Motor - +spontaneous LE movement bilaterally against gravity 
(hip and knee flexors). +RUE anti-gravity movement in response 
to pain. No spontaneous movements of LUE, slight posturing only. 

Sensory - withdraws to tickle in LE bilaterally and RUE, slight 
posturing in RUE to nailbed pressure. 
DTR - 2+ brisk reflexes in UE bilaterally. 1+ at patella and 
ankle bilaterally. No clonus. L toe upgoing, R toe down.

Physical exam at discharge:
Stable with neurological improvement; febrile every night 
secondary to "central fever"
Discharge examination:
HEENT: trachmask with trach collar in place: when patient is 
able to move his neck and tell team whether or not he is in 
pain, collar may be be discontinued.
CV: irregularly irregular (afib)
Pulm: occasionally rhonchorous
Abd: soft, no TTP, PEG in place with no erythema
Ext: warm, normal pulses.  Skin often appears moist.
Neuro:
MS: can follow commands: "raise two fingers" and "wiggle your 
toes" - only on right side.  
CN: tracks visually, opens eyes, left visual field cut (no blink 
to threat), perrlB, left facial droop
Motor: right arm and leg with increased tone, but moving 
spontaneously with good hand grasp and resistance.  ; [**1-24**] mvmt 
seen on left arm.
Sensory: withdraws purposefully on right, Left leg 
triple-flexion to stimuli, localizes with right side to noxious 
stimuli on left arm, but no movement on left.
DTRs: brisk throughout arms and legs (crossed adductors in 
legs), no clonus.  Upgoing toe on left, has been equivocal on 
right.
Coord: wiggles fingers and toes on right.

 
Pertinent Results:
[**3235-10-15**] 
PT 21.4 INR 3.14 PTT 36.8 
Serum tox neg 

HEAD CT
[**3235-10-15**] - Large R basal ganglia/frontal lobe intraparenchymal 
hematoma (3.7x7.8) w/associated edema and moderate (1.1cm) 
midline shift leftward. Large R intraventricular hematoma and 
small L intraventricular hematoma 

[**3235-10-16**] - Slight worsening surrounding cytotoxic edema 
surrounding the R frontal intraparenchymal hemorrhage. Worsening ...