
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3212-4-22**]              Discharge Date:   [**3212-5-22**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3127-10-19**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: SURGERY
 
Allergies: 
Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 1395**] 
Addendum:
Patient developed a LGIB and underwent colonoscopy, which 
revealed ischemic colon; he was taken to the OR and underwent a 
right hemicolectomy (see separate operative note for details). 
Biopsy revealed evidence of ischemic injury; a liver bx revealed 
bile duct hematoma. He did well post-operatively. He was 
transfered from the ICU to the hospital floor on HD 25. His tube 
feedings were continued; he was not started on any laxatives or 
softeners because of his surgical anastomosis. He now is having 
regular bowel movements on his own.  

He did have episodes of hypoglycemia; his glipizide has been 
held, and he is on RISS.  he will need continued monitoring of 
his blood glucose now that his tube feedings are running. His 
blood sugars have been running higher the last 2 days and he may 
need further adjustment of his medications.

He had a fever spike on HD 26; his abdominal wound was 
erythematous; the abdominal staples were removed and the wound 
left open; now performing loosely packed with kerlix, wet to dry 
dressing changes tid. He was started on Levofloxacin 250 mg IV 
QD for positive wound cultures. He will continue on Levofloxacin 
for a total 14 day course. 

The patient continues to need respiratory care for his trach. He 
has a productive cough and also requires suctioning PRN. He is 
on a humidified trach mask with O2 sats 95%. However, he does 
not maintain his O2 sats off of supplemental oxygen. He is able 
to wear and tolerate the Passy Muir valve. He will need 
continued pulmonary toilet, including chest PT and a speech 
re-evaluation at rehab.

A Geriatric consult was obtained early in his hospital stay and 
several recommendations were made regarding his medications and 
medical care.

The patient has been seen and evaluated by PT and OT; and they 
have recommend acute care rehab stay.

 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
s/p chest tube [**3212-5-2**]
s/p tracheostomy and PEG placement [**3212-5-4**]
s/p colonoscopy [**3212-5-9**]
s/p right hemicolectomy [**3212-5-12**]
Abdominal wound opened [**3212-5-18**]

 
Pertinent Results:
CHEST (PORTABLE AP)  [**3212-5-19**] 9:37 PM

CHEST (PORTABLE AP)

Reason: ? PTX, PNA 

UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
84M s/p mvc and r hemicolectomy, s/p trach, now with CP 
REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
? PTX, PNA 
PORTABLE CHEST X-RAY, [**3212-5-19**]

COMPARISON: [**3212-5-11**].

INDICATION: Chest pain following tracheostomy placement.

A tracheostomy tube remains in place with the tip just above the 
level of the clavicles. There is no pneumomediastinum or 
pneumothorax. Left subclavian catheter has been removed. There 
is stable cardiomegaly. Lung volumes are increased in the 
interval. There is improving aeration in the left lower lobe and 
decrease in a left pleural effusion. Scattered patchy and linear 
opacities in the left lung are likely due to residual 
atelectasis, and there is also minimal atelectasis in the right 
base. Bilateral areas of pleural thickening and/or pleural fluid 
are present laterally, and note is made of prior fractures 
involving several right-sided ribs.

IMPRESSION: Marked improvement in left lower lobe atelectasis.

Pathology Examination 

Name Birthdate    Age     Sex Pathology #     [**Hospital1 13**] [**Known patient lastname 13372**],[**Known patient firstname 13373**]       [**3127-10-19**]    84 Male      06-15404G 
[**Telephone/Fax (1) 13374**] 
Report to:   DR. [**Last Name (STitle) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **] 
Gross Description by:   DR. [**Last Name (STitle) **]. [**Doctor Last Name 821**], [**Doctor Last Name 1256**],[**Doctor First Name 11925**]/dif 

 

SPECIMEN SUBMITTED: RIGHT COLON, LIVER BIOPSY

Procedure date     Tissue received     Rep...