


Admission Date:  [**2958-10-23**]     Discharge Date:  [**2958-11-5**]

Date of Birth:   [**2883-3-15**]     Sex:  M


HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 75-year-old gentleman
with a past medical history significant for myasthenia
[**Last Name (un) 6861**], prednisone-induced diabetes mellitus, and colon
cancer (status post resections) admitted from the
when he arrived for a follow-up colonoscopy.

He was given intravenous cefazolin in the Gastroenterology
unit.  The daughter states she is concerned that he is not
taking proper care of himself or eating well and feels that
he may need home services.  The patient states he noted the
cellulitis for about one week, and it just got worse today.
getting more difficult.  He has felt as though he has been
subjectively feverish with chills, but his appetite has
remained good without nausea or vomiting.  He does have some
loose bowel movements, but this is unchanged.  He denies
blood or tarry black stools.  He does admit to double vision
occasionally due to the myasthenia [**Last Name (un) 6861**].  He denies weight
loss, headaches, and no recent traveling.  He states he is
feeling lonely; although, he is not interested in remarrying.
He may be interested in finding help for himself at home.  He
is on BiPAP 13 X 3 settings and 3 liters of home oxygen.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
2.  Colon cancer in [**2947**]; status post resections.
3.  Myasthenia [**Last Name (un) 6861**].
4.  Obstructive [**Doctor Last Name 314**] apnea.
5.  Paget's disease.
6.  Tracheostomy in [**2954**].
7.  Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.

ALLERGIES:  The MYCIN ANTIBIOTICS (CLARITHROMYCIN and
ERYTHROMYCIN) give him a rash.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:
1.  Lasix 40 mg p.o. b.i.d.
2.  Prednisone 40 mg p.o. q.d.
3.  Amaryl 4 mg p.o. q.d.
4.  Imuran azathioprine 100 mg p.o. b.i.d.
5.  A regular insulin sliding-scale.
6.  He has received intravenous immunoglobulin every month
for five days at [**Hospital 10972**] Medical Center.
7.  Axid 150 mg p.o. b.i.d.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  He is retired from [**Company 10973**]
approximately six years ago; after working there for 40
years.  He quit tobacco in [**2932**].  Occasional ethanol use.  He
is widowed with two daughters.  He had one son who is
deceased.  Hobbies include radio-controlled model airplanes.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  On admission weight
was 228.6 pounds.  His height is 5 feet 6 inches.  Vital
signs revealed temperature was 99.2, heart rate was 114,
blood pressure was 106/71, blood sugar was 107, oxygen
saturation was 96% on 3 liters.  He was sitting up on a
gurney, pleasant, in no apparent distress.  He had bilateral
proptosis.  His tracheostomy site was clean, dry, and intact.
Extraocular muscles were intact.  He was tachycardic without
murmurs, rubs, or gallops.  He was diffusely rhonchorous with
no wheezes noted.  He had normal active bowel sounds.  His
abdomen was soft, nontender, and nondistended, but obese.
Lower extremity edema bilaterally; 1 to 2+ pitting edema,
right greater than left.  The left lower extremity was with
erythema and warmth extending up inner thigh on knee with one
small ulceration on the medial aspect above the ankle on the
left that was weeping, surrounded by an entire area of edema
and blistering.

PERTINENT LABORATORY VALUES ON PRESENTATION:  Laboratories
revealed white blood cell count was 8.8, hematocrit was 38.8,
platelets were 137, and mean cell volume was 94.  Blood
cultures and chest x-ray were pending at this time.
Differential on the complete blood count with neutrophils
82%, bands 2% and lymphocytes 8%.  Chemistry-7 revealed
sodium was 139, potassium was 7.2, chloride was 94,
bicarbonate was 39, blood urea nitrogen was 29, creatinine
was 1.2, and blood glucose was 111.  This specimen was
grossly hemolyzed.

HOSPITAL COURSE:   This is a 75-year-old gentleman with a
past medical history significant for colon cancer who arrived
to [**Hospital1 75**] for a follow-u...