

Admission Date:  [**3122-10-25**]       Discharge Date:  [**3122-11-30**]

Date of Birth:   [**3049-1-4**]       Sex:  F

Service:

ADDENDUM BY SYSTEM:
1.  Pulmonary:  The patient was intubated electively on
[**11-24**] for inability to provide sufficient suctioning of
secretions.  Another therapeutic bronchoscopy was performed.
A tracheostomy was placed on [**11-27**], and she was extubated
successfully.  Trials of spontaneous respirations on trach
mask were attempted, and she did well with these.  On the day
prior to discharge, she had a seven hour trial on 50% oxygen
trach mask before finally tiring.  Therefore, it is expected
that she will have a short wean period before she can remain
off mechanical ventilatory systems permanently.

She had copious secretions, which became even more of a
problem with spontaneous breathing trials.  She responded
well to suctioning.  However, it was noted that her oxygen
saturation remained high despite these secretions.  On
[**11-30**], we attempted to encourage her to clear her own
secretions by decreasing the frequency of suctioning.

2.  Infectious Disease:  The patient completed a 14 day
course of vancomycin for pneumonia.  This antibiotic was
chosen because a bronchial washing sample was positive for
methicillin resistant staphylococcus aureus.  Methicillin
resistant staphylococcus aureus precautions were instituted.
She spiked several low temperatures, but never greater than
101 degrees Farenheit.  Blood and urine cultures were
performed for these spikes.  A urine sample from [**11-20**] was
positive for 10,000 to 100,000 colonies of [**Last Name (LF) 5829**], [**First Name3 (LF) **] we
instituted a five day course of fluconazole.  Blood cultures
were all negative.  On [**11-30**], she had a temperature of 100.3.
Another urinalysis and culture were sent, as well as sputum
Gram stain and culture.  The urine sediment was positive for
leukocytes and yeast, and the urine dipstick showed
leukocytes but was nitrite negative.

One other potential source of her fevers could also be
sinusitis, as her head MRI showed sinus disease.

3.  Hematology:  The patient had a drop in hematocrit from 34
to 25 due to a gastrointestinal bleed, as described below.
Her hematocrit improved with transfusion.  On the last five
days of her admission, her hematocrit was stable at 33.

4.  Gastrointestinal:  Given the patient's drop in
hematocrit, her stool was tested and found to be guaiac
positive.  Diagnostic nasogastric lavage was performed.  The
lavage fluid was pink in color and contained flecks of what
appeared to be dried blood.  Upper gastrointestinal bleed was
confirmed by esophagogastroduodenoscopy, which showed erosive
gastritis and a non-bleeding ulcer at the pyloric outlet.  No
vessel was seen in the ulcer.  The recommendation by the
Gastroenterology consultant was to continue with proton pump
inhibitor therapy and hold aspirin.  In addition to these
measures, we also held subcutaneous heparin and instead used
Venodynes for deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis.

5.  Neurology:  The patient was seen by the Neurology service
for a question of mental status change and weakness.  A head
MRI was unremarkable (except for the finding of sinus
disease).  Her mental status returned to baseline without
intervention the following day.  Her weakness was assumed to
be multifactorial, with both a neurologic and muscular
component.  Electromyogram revealed diffuse axonal
neuropathy, but this finding was though to be nonspecific,
and no treatment recommendations were offered.  From a
muscular perspective, she was felt to be dramatically
deconditioned from her prolonged illness, and is expected to
benefit from physical therapy.

6.  Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition:  The patient received
tube feeds (ProMod with fiber) via a nasogastric tube, and
later via a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube which
was placed endoscopically by the Gastroenterology service on
[**11-24**].

7.  Prophylaxis:  Deep venous thrombo...