

Admission Date:  [**3247-2-21**]       Discharge Date:  [**3247-3-2**]

Date of Birth:   [**3160-11-5**]       Sex:  F

Service:  TRAUMA SER

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Ms. [**Known patient lastname 9471**] is an 86-year-old
female who was transferred from [**Hospital6 1952**]
status post fall with multiple facial fractures including a
bilateral mandibular fracture.  The patient reported walking
on the sidewalk, falling and hitting her face.  She denies
loss of consciousness, denies chest pain, headache or vision
changes prior to falling.  She reported losing balance.
Denied any abdominal pain or extremity pain.  She was
transferred to [**Hospital1 75**] for
further evaluation.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Hypertension.
2.  Hypercholesterolemia.
3.  Right upper extremity fracture.
4.  Macular degeneration.
5.  ? Depression.

PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:
1.  Status post total abdominal hysterectomy.
2.  Status post right upper extremity fracture repair.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:
1.  Procardia.
2.  Xanax.
3.  Anti-hyperlipid.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  She denies any alcohol or ethanol use.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs:  Blood pressure 191/110,
heart rate 92, respiratory rate 16, satting 97% on room air.
The patient is an elderly lady who actually did not appear in
acute distress.  Heart was regular rate and rhythm.  Chest
was clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Abdomen was soft,
non-tender, non-distended.  There was no rebound or guarding.
Guaiac negative.  Normal rectal tone.  There was noted blood
coming from her right ear.  There was left mandibular
swelling and tenderness.  There was a 5 cm laceration to the
bottom of her chin.  Her back was non-tender.  There were no
step-offs or deformities.  Neurologically, she was alert and
oriented times three.  Cranial nerves II through XII were
intact.  There was a large hematoma under the patient's
tongue.  The left tympanic membrane had a good light reflex.
The right tympanic membrane was unable to be visualized
secondary to blood in the ear canal.

LABORATORY ON ADMISSION:  White count 13.5, hematocrit 34.7,
platelet count 225,000.  Sodium 140, potassium 3.6, chloride
104, bicarb 25, BUN 19, creatinine 0.7, glucose at 136.  PT
13.5, PTT 20.1, INR 1.2.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  Ms. [**Known patient lastname 9471**] is an 86-year-old female who
was transferred from an outside hospital status post fall
with bilateral mandibular as well as facial fractures on
hospital CT scan.  On presentation to the Emergency
Department the patient initially was hemodynamically stable.
ENT and Plastic Surgery immediately were consulted.  A right
mandibulotemporal.  While in the Emergency Room the patient
began having signs of imminent airway.  Undertook discussion
as what was best for the patient that she be intubated for
protection of the airway.  Mid chamber revealed markedly
displaced fractures of both mandibular condyles as well as a
comminuted displaced fracture of the left side of the
mandible.  There were fractures within the orbital walls.
There was TMJ dislocation.  There was a fracture within the
right external auditory canal.  CT scan of the cervical spine
was negative.  CT scan of the head additionally revealed no
intracranial hemorrhage.  CT scan of the neck showed some
soft tissue edema with some hemorrhage.  There was no large
hematoma.  The patient was brought to the Intensive Care Unit
for close monitoring and upper airway management.  In
Intensive Care Unit the patient received several fluid
boluses to maintain adequate urine output.  Additionally the
patient was started on tube feeds.  The patient was on
clindamycin for preventive microbial coverage given her
fractures.  Patient remained stable in the Intensive Care
Unit.  Patient was taken to the Operating Room by Plastic
Surgery for an open reduction internal fixation of her
mandibular fractures as well as a closed reduction of a right
condyle fracture.  Surgery at this time performed a
tracheostomy.  Tr...