

Admission Date:  [**2925-3-24**]     Discharge Date:  [**2925-4-19**]

Date of Birth:   [**2885-8-29**]     Sex:  F

Service: NEUROLOGY

This is an addendum to the previous discharge summary.

HOSPITAL COURSE:
1.  Neurologic:  The patient's neurologic exam did progress
slightly to the point that she did have bilaterally
spontaneous blinking eyes with some mild oculocephalic
reflexes consisting of inferior deviation, mainly of both
eyes, more prominent in the right eye than the left.  There
was minimal abduction of the eyes bilaterally to
oculocephalic maneuvers.  She did have gag and cough.  She
was, also, seen to be spontaneously twitching her mouth.
However, despite the progression in the cranial nerve exam,
her mental status essentially remained the same, not
responding to any stimulus, including verbal or sternal rub.

2.  Cardiovascular:  The patient is maintained on metoprolol
for hypertension, and we allowed the goal of the systolic
blood pressure to be less than 160.

3.  Respiratory:  The patient initially was on the ventilator
until [**2925-4-19**], after which she was placed on the trach mask.
At this time, she is tolerating this well and will probably
be observed to insure that the trach is tolerated.  She did
grow out sparse gram negative rods and gram staph aureus coag
positive in the sputum, and she was resumed on a new course
of oxacillin starting [**2925-4-18**] for a total of at least seven
days.  Her blood gas on the trach mask was satisfactory.


5.  Hematologic:  The patient's hematocrit remained stable
and she did not receive any other transfusions since the time
of the last dictation.

6.  Infectious disease:  As prior.

7.  Code status:  The patient is still a full code.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:
1.  Pontine hemorrhage.
2.  Obesity.
3.  Hypertension.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:
1.  Oxacillin, 2 grams IV q 6 hours for an additional five
days.
2.  Heparin, 5,000 units SQ q 12 hours.
3.  Regular insulin sliding scale.
4.  Miconazole powder 2%, one application TP q.i.d. p.r.n.
5.  Sodium chloride nasal spray, one to two sprays NU t.i.d.
p.r.n. congestion.
6.  Metoprolol, 75 mg PO t.i.d.
7.  Tylenol, 325-650 mg PO q 4-6 hours p.r.n.

At the time, the plan for this patient is observation for 24
hours on the trach and she will be discharged on [**2925-4-20**] to a
chronic vent facility where the expectation is that she will
continue to wean off the artificial ventilation.





                          [**Name6 (MD) **] [**Name8 (MD) **], M.D.  [**MD Number **]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 2014**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2925-4-19**]  08:34
T:  [**2925-4-19**]  08:37
JOB#:  [**Telephone/Fax (3) 12349**]


Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name (STitle) **] [**Name (STitle) **]
 on: SUN [**2925-4-22**] 5:51 PM
(End of Report)



