
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**2618-10-3**]              Discharge Date:   [**2618-10-8**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2555-4-7**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: MED
 
Allergies: 
Penicillins / Morphine / Demerol
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 1676**] 
Chief Complaint:
chest pain
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
bronchoscopy
 
History of Present Illness:
63 y/o man with PMH significant for traumatic brain injury 
following fall in [**2610**]; trach in 03/04 and Peg [**6-19**] secondary 
to failure to thrive; siezure disorder admitted from OSH for 
PICC placement and further eval of the above. Pt was in his 
usual state of health at his nursing home until [**2618-9-28**] at 
which time he developed a temperature of 102.7 and oxygen 
saturation of 79 percent on room air. He was sent to the [**Hospital1 19**] 
[**Location (un) 671**] for futher care. There, a CXR showed left lower lobe 
infiltrate and 5 posterior left sided rib fracutres. By report, 
pt had recently fallen backward twice at the nursing home. In 
addition, he was being treated with clindamycin (since [**2618-9-18**]) 
and levofloxacin ([**2618-9-23**]) for a question of pneumonia. 

At [**Hospital1 19**] [**Location (un) 671**], pt was admitted for treatment of his pneumonia 
and hypernatremia. Initial vital signs included temperature of 
102.2, blood pressure 100/68, oxygen saturation 98% on 
nonrebreather, and respiratory rate of 36. Labs were significant 
for a WBC count of 14.9 and a sodium of 160. ECG is reported as 
Sinus tachycardia with no ST or T wave abnormalities. Pt was 
started on vancomycin and ceftazidime for his pneumonia. Sputum 
cultures from [**2618-10-1**] grew MRSA and pan resisitent pseudomonas. 
On [**2618-10-1**], the pt lost IV access and attempts to replace it 
were unsuccesful. Therefore, his antibiotics were changed to 
linezolid and ciprofloxacin(wanted to cover gram negatives). By 
[**2618-10-1**], the patient had also developed complete collapse of 
the left lung. Pulmonary service was consulted at that time but 
could not bronch the pt as he had no IV access. Pt often became 
tachypnic at the outside hospital and required frequent 
suctioning. Hypernatremia resolved with treatment with free 
water. On [**2618-10-2**], the pt was sent to [**Hospital1 19**] to have a PICC 
placed.

During PICC placement in IR, the pt developed nausea and CP at 
approximately 3:30 PM. He was sent to the [**Hospital1 19**] ED for futher 
evaluation. In the ED, pt's VS were initially 98.2, 70, 101/53, 
18, and 98% on 70% face tent. Pt received vancomycin 1 gm IV and 
1 L of NS. ECG in the ED showed mildly [**First Name5 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 11379**] at 470-480 and T 
wave inversion in V1-V4. Pt was evaluated by cardiology and plan 
was made for medical management. He was placed on a heparin drip 
for pain control. The first set of cardiac enzymes were 
negative.

 
Past Medical History:
1. Traumatic brain injury s/p fall in [**2610**]
2. Peg tube placement in 06/04
3. Trach placed in 03/04 for post-intubation subglottic tracheal 
stenosis per [**Hospital1 2124**] records.  Currently has T-tube.
4. HIstory of DVT on coumadin with IVC filter
5. Multiple aspiration pneumonia
6. S/P multiple abdominal surgeries for hernia repair
7. Past seizure disorder
8. Anemia
9. History of fungemia
 
Social History:
Married.  Polish immigrant (speaks some English).  Used to be a 
heavy smoker.  Has been a nursing home resident for many years 
since his TBI.  Has several children who are closely involved, 
one daughter is a CCU nurse at [**Hospital3 **].
 
Family History:
noncontributory
 
Physical Exam:
T: 96.6  BP: 127/50  P: 54  RR: 24, O2 sat 95% on 50% TC (pt 
does not desaturate with nasal cannula, but just prefers not to 
wear it)
Gen: awake, alert, sitting up in chair
Skin: warm and dry
HEENT: + copious secretions from tracheostomy
Heart: bradycardic, regular rhythm, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops
Lungs: coarse throughout, moving air much bet...