

Admission Date:  [**3261-7-8**]       Discharge Date:  [**3261-8-15**]

Date of Birth:   [**3203-5-18**]       Sex:  M

Service:  Medicine Intensive Care Unit

EXAM AT ADMISSION:
GENERAL APPEARANCE:  The patient is unresponsive.
VITAL SIGNS:  Blood pressure 104/60, heart rate 60,
respiratory rate 16, temperature 104??
NECK:  No jugular venous distention.  Carotid uptakes are
shallow.
CHEST:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally with scant rhonchi.
HEART:  Heart sounds are distant.
ABDOMEN:  Soft, bowel sounds are hypoactive.  There are no
masses to palpation.
EXTREMITIES:  No cyanosis, clubbing or edema.  Dorsalis pedis
palpable 1+ bilateral.
NEUROLOGIC:  Unresponsive.  Pupils are constricted and
minimally responsive to light.

ADMISSION LABS:  Arterial blood gases:  pH 7.39, PCO2 29, PO2
77.  White blood count 9.6, hematocrit 31.7, platelets 58.
Chem-7:  Sodium 140, potassium 4.0, chloride 112, bicarbonate
18, BUN 15, creatinine 1.0, glucose 62, ammonia level 36.
Sputum shows gram stain, 1+ gram positive cocci and 1+ gram
positive rods and 1+ gram negative rods.

IMAGING:  Electrocardiogram:  Sinus tachycardia with right
bundle block.  Chest x-ray showed vague heaviness at the
bases bilaterally, no evidence of congestive heart failure
and normal heart size.

BRIEF HOSPITAL COURSE:  Mr. [**Known patient lastname 9269**] is a 58-year-old
gentleman with a history of bipolar disease who attempted
suicide on [**3261-7-4**] after ingesting 30 to 50 500 mg
Depakote tables.  His mental status has fluctuated from
completely unresponsive to responsive to commands.  He has
had a long hospital course.  Briefly, his hospitalizations
started at [**Hospital 770**] Hospital where he was taken after his
overdose.  There, he was treated with charcoal.  The valproic
acid level was 247, peaking at 269.  The patient's urine
toxicology screen was also positive for cocaine and he was
also found to have pancreatitis with an elevated lipase of
1083 and an amylase of 588 with normal liver function tests.

He became more obtunded during the course of the day and was
transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit on [**3261-7-5**].
On [**3261-7-6**], a CT scan of the head was performed which was
negative for any acute changes and on the night of [**3261-7-6**],
the patient was noted to have a seizure with twitching and
shaking of his left arm, jaw and left side of the face.  A
repeat CT scan of the brain was performed without contrast
which revealed no changes.  On [**3261-7-8**], the patient was
transferred to [**Hospital6 84**] Medical
Intensive Care Unit for further management of his hypoxia,
hypotension and seizures.  An electroencephalogram was done
here to evaluate for possibility of neurological recovery on
[**3261-7-11**] which showed encephalopathy likely secondary to
medication.  However, no evidence of focal neurological
deficit was found.  A lumbar puncture was also negative.

The long hospital course has been complicated by prolonged
intubation, now status post tracheostomy, hypertension,
pancreatitis, aspiration pneumonia, deep venous thrombosis,
bowel hypermotility, gram negative rod bacteremia, as well as
persistent low grade fevers and new onset rigidity.

1.  FEVERS:  Mr. [**Known patient lastname 9269**] has had recurrent low grade fevers
with occasional spikes.  Several urine, sputum and blood
cultures have been repeated which have shown Methicillin
resistant Staphylococcus aureus and gram negative rods in the
sputum which are not Pseudomonas and number of yeast in the
urine and gram negative rod bacteremia in the blood.  He has
had an extensive course of antibiotics, total of 24 days for
levofloxacin and vancomycin which have not resolved his low
grade fevers and occasional spikes.  Completed his 24 day
course.  A sputum culture showed, once again, gram negative
rods for which he has been started on Zosyn for a couple of
days ............ to switch to ceftriaxone once culture and
sensitivity proved it was sensitive to ceftriaxone.

2...