

Admission Date:  [**3118-10-15**]     Discharge Date:  [**3118-10-25**]

Date of Birth:   [**3064-8-11**]     Sex:  M

Service:

PRINCIPAL DIAGNOSIS:
Squamous cell carcinoma of the floor of the mouth.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 54 year-old
male diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma of the mouth who
is here for resection.  He has no other past medical history.
No pertinent family history.  He noticed this mass for which
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 1488**] realized needed to be resected and for an
osseocutaneous flap to be placed in his mandible that was
resected.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  The procedure that he underwent was a
resection of the floor of the mouth with a mandibulectomy, a
bilateral neck dissection, tooth extraction, tracheostomy
placement, and a free radial left osseocutaneous flap.  As
per the operative note the operation went without
complications.

Postoperatively, the patient did well.  He had an nasogastric
tube placed as well as two JP drains by plastic surgery.  He
was on Ancef and Flagyl postoperatively and was sent to the
Intensive Care Unit.  He remained in the Intensive Care Unit
for three days at which time he was moved to the floor.  On
the floor he continued to progress well.  His JP drains were
taken out on postoperative three.  He continued without any
fever until postoperative day six where Ancef and Flagyl were
discontinued.  However, on postoperative day seven he was
started on Keflex for noted erythema around his incision.  He
continued to receive tube feeds at goal, which were
discontinued on [**10-24**] after a speech and swallow study that
showed mild dysphagia.  He was started on a puree diet, which
he tolerated.  The patient is being discharged on
postoperative day ten with his nasogastric tube removed and
his tracheostomy being taken out.  The patient will go home
with services to receive speech therapy and home services for
wound care management.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Keflex 500 q 6 hours times five days,
Roxicet elixir 5 to 10 cc po q 4 hours prn, Prilosec 20 mg po
q day, Thicket meal one with each meal to increase the
thickness of his foods.

FOLLOW UP APPOINTMENTS:  The patient will follow up with Dr.
[**Last Name (STitle) 1488**] next week.  He should call for an appointment at
[**Telephone/Fax (1) 2840**].  Follow up with plastic surgery in two weeks to
call for an appointment [**Telephone/Fax (1) **] and speech and swallow study
to advance him to solid foods, which is for [**10-31**] at 9:00.

DISPOSITION ON DISCHARGE:  Good/stable.  The patient is doing
well.






                          [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **], M.D.  [**MD Number 2841**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 2842**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**3118-10-25**]  08:15
T:  [**3118-10-30**]  14:50
JOB#:  [**Job Number 2843**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) **] [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]
 on: [**Doctor First Name 131**] [**3118-10-31**] 1:04 PM
(End of Report)


