
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**2778-1-10**]              Discharge Date:   [**2778-3-2**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2710-10-31**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: SURGERY
 
Allergies: 
Demerol / Codeine
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 2098**] 
Chief Complaint:
66F w/ esophageal cancer s/p Ivor-[**Doctor Last Name 1776**] esophagogastrectomy with 
complicated post-operative course including cardiac arrest, unit 
myopathy, and vent dependence.
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
s/p Ivor-[**Doctor Last Name 1776**] esophagogastrectomy
Tracheostomy
Muscle biopsy
Insertion of feeding J-tube
Multiple central line placements

 
History of Present Illness:
On [**2778-1-10**] patient underwent an open Ivor-[**Doctor Last Name 1776**] 
esophagogastrectomy following neoadjuvent therapy for esophageal 
cancer.
 
Past Medical History:
s/p bilat tkr
bulbar polio as a child
htn not currently being treated
cholecystectomy [**2768**]
Esophageal cancer, s/p neoadjuvent therapy
VAD placement
Prior J-tube placement
 
Social History:
Pt is a pharmacist and she and her husband run a local pharmacy. 
 One of their several daughters is also a pharmacist.  She has 
never smoked.  She drinks socially on occasion. 
 
Family History:
Her father had head/ neck cancer and was cured of it, but no 
other family history of cancer.
 
Physical Exam:
5'3" 150lb t98.2 122 134/54 98%
well developed female in NAS, A&Ox3
PERRL, CN II-XII intact
lungs clear bilaterally
cardiac exam unremarkable
abdomen soft, well healed CCY inciosn. J tube site noted in 
place, c/d/i
LE warm well perfused

 
Pertinent Results:
[**2778-1-10**] 03:34PM   WBC-9.2 RBC-2.38* HGB-7.9* HCT-23.1* MCV-97 
MCH-33.2* MCHC-34.1 RDW-15.1
[**2778-1-10**] 03:34PM   PT-13.6 PTT-30.1 INR(PT)-1.2
[**2778-1-10**] 09:02AM   GLUCOSE-123* LACTATE-1.3 NA+-137 K+-3.8 
CL--106
[**2778-1-10**] 09:32AM   TYPE-ART PO2-89 PCO2-46* PH-7.38 TOTAL CO2-28 
BASE XS-0 -ASSIST/CON INTUBATED-INTUBATED
[**2778-1-10**] 03:34PM   GLUCOSE-141* UREA N-18 CREAT-0.8 SODIUM-141 
POTASSIUM-3.6 CHLORIDE-110* TOTAL CO2-23 ANION GAP-12
 
Brief Hospital Course:
on [**2778-1-10**], patient underwent an uneventful open Ivor-[**Doctor Last Name 1776**] 
Esophagogastrectomy, apparently without complications (EBL 
<300). Post-op, patient had chest tubes in place and was 
transferred to the intensive care unit kept intubated for pain 
control.  On POD #1, patient received 2 units of pRBCs for low 
HCT and persistent hypotension.  Later that day, patient went 
into AF with fast ventricular response for the first time, 
ultimately responsing to an amiodorone bolus and ongoing drip, 
she returned to NSR shortly thereafter.

By POD #2, patient had progressive respiratory decomensation, 
and could not be extubated.  Over the next two days, oxygenation 
improved and vent wean was once again tried.  As oxygenation 
deteriorated, CXR became more consistent with ARDS.  Patient was 
started on empirically on Zosyn for febrile episode to 102.5.  
Sputum cultures would ultimately grow out pan sensitive 
klebsiella, and the patient was switched to levofloxacin.  TPN 
was then started, as were tube feeds through the feeding J. On 
POD #6, an addittional chest tube was placed on the patient's 
Right side for effusion.

Starting on POD #7, patient had to sedated and paralyzed for 
agitation and poor oxygenation.  Sedation/paralysis was achieved 
through various combinations of propofol, fentanyl, and 
Cis-Atrocurium drips.  As ARDS continued to worsen, FiO2 and 
PEEP were increased.  Patient continued to have signifigant 
pressor and fluid requirments and there was ongoing concerns for 
possible sepsis.  On POD#11, steroids were started for presumed 
adrenal insufficiency.  This seemed to help the intermittent 
hypotension, and progress was made weaning inotropic support.

Over the next several days there was growing concern about 
reduced mental status.  Initially this was thought to be over 
sedation in the setting of rebal failure, however, this failed 
to...