

Admission Date:  [**2507-3-17**]       Discharge Date:  [**2507-3-25**]

Date of Birth:   [**2435-1-23**]       Sex:  F

Service:

                        ADDENDUM

HOSPITAL COURSE:  In summary, the patient's discharge was
postponed because of patient anxiety regarding going home,
and a rehabilitation screen was done.  The [**Hospital 1032**]
rehabilitation screen, because of finding a bed, was likely
longer because of her MRSA in the sputum and pneumonia.
Therefore, she is now postoperative day #1, on Linezolid for
the MRSA pneumonia of a 14-day course.  She is now doing
well.  She has had an oxygen saturation of 99-100% on a trach
mask, although she does required frequent nebulizer
treatments, mainly for comfort and wheezing.

CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  Stable.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:
1.  Tracheomalacia status post tracheostomy.
2.  Status post resection of larynx tumor.
3.  Removal of left mainstem bronchi stent.
4.  Shortness of breath and wheezes.
5.  Tracheomalacia status post tracheobronchoplasty during
this admission, date of which was [**2507-3-18**], via right
thoracotomy incision.
6.  Laryngeal cancer with resection and radiation therapy in
the past.
7.  Hypothyroidism.
8.  Anxiety.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Synthroid 0.7 mcg/day, Zantac 150
p.o. b.i.d., Mucomyst nebs p.r.n., Albuterol nebs q.[**12-31**]
p.r.n., saline inhaler.

ALLERGIES:  NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES.

DISPOSITION:  To rehabilitation facility.

FOLLOW-UP:  She is the patient with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 682**], call the
office for the appointment.  She was encouraged to see her
primary care physician regarding anxiety.




                            [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) 835**] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **], M.D.  [**MD Number 1598**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 3075**]
MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2507-3-29**]  11:11
T:  [**2507-3-29**]  11:23
JOB#:  [**Job Number 12857**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) 835**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]
 on: TUE [**2507-4-19**] 6:32 PM
(End of Report)


