
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3253-7-20**]              Discharge Date:   [**3253-7-24**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3161-8-29**]             Sex:   F
 
Service: MED
 
Allergies: 
Celebrex / Pseudoephedrine
 
Attending:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 13095**] 
Chief Complaint:
Fever
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
PICC line placed in L arm without complications. 

 
History of Present Illness:
[**Age over 90 **]yo F s/p tracheostomy 3 weeks ago for respiratory failure who 
was brought from [**Hospital **] Rehab after developing a fever to 102.5 
with thick and foul smelling secretions and decreased 02 sats to 
87-89%. The staff were unable to place a PMV valve in her trach 
as well. Her vent settings were PS10/PEEP5/FiO230%.

The patient reports feeling tired recently. She has also had 
abdominal pain for the past several weeks, worse on the L side. 
A KUB done that showed "dilated bowel loops." She describes her 
recent abdominal pain as sharp, intermittent, not associated 
with tube feeds, now resolved. She had a BM on the day PTA. 

ROS: No CP/SOB, + cough x several weeks, no N/V, reports normal 
BM's. Foley catheter in place.

In the ED, she received vancomycin 1gr, flagyl 500mg, morphine 
2mg IV.
 
Past Medical History:
Respiratory failure s/p trach placement 3 weeks ago
H/o ARF
AS
HTN
H/o fall
B total hip replacements
Aneia
Dysphagia/GERD
OA
Osteoporosis
S/p wrist fracture
GERD
 
Social History:
No EtOH, no tobacco.
Walks with a walker.
 
Physical Exam:
T100.0 HR79 BP116/52  RR18  O2sat98% 30%FiO2
Pleasant, elderly female, NAD, A+Ox3
EOMI, PERRL, OP-clear, MMM, neck supple, no lymphadenopathy
Erythema and creamy discharge at trach stoma site. No 
fluctuance. Stoma site macerated.
RR SEM at LLSB
Decreased BS at L base, + rhonichi, no wheezes or crackles
Obese, soft, NT, ND. +BS - hypoactive. G tube in place, site 
clean, dry, and intact.
Extremities with no edema, 2+distal pulses. No rashes noted.
Neruo grossly intact.
Lines - L subclavian triple lumen catheter.
 
Pertinent Results:
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM URINE  BLOOD-LG NITRITE-NEG PROTEIN-TR 
GLUCOSE-NEG KETONE-NEG BILIRUBIN-NEG UROBILNGN-NEG PH-6.5 
LEUK-SM
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM URINE  RBC-[**5-8**]* WBC-[**5-8**]* BACTERIA-MANY 
YEAST-NONE EPI-0-2
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   WBC-14.9* RBC-3.38* HGB-11.3* HCT-33.3* 
MCV-98 MCH-33.3* MCHC-33.9 RDW-15.3
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   NEUTS-90.0* BANDS-0 LYMPHS-4.4* MONOS-3.6 
EOS-1.6 BASOS-0.3
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   PLT COUNT-274
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   GLUCOSE-135* UREA N-41* CREAT-1.3* 
SODIUM-132* POTASSIUM-4.7 CHLORIDE-96 TOTAL CO2-28 ANION GAP-13
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   ALT(SGPT)-50* AST(SGOT)-35 LD(LDH)-187 ALK 
PHOS-110 AMYLASE-71 TOT BILI-0.5
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   LIPASE-30
[**3253-7-20**] 12:40AM   TOT PROT-6.6 ALBUMIN-3.6 GLOBULIN-3.0
[**3253-7-20**] 12:41AM   LACTATE-1.4
 
Brief Hospital Course:
1. The patient had a CXR suggestive of a LLL PNA, although it 
was unclear if this was a new process or a persistent old 
process. Sputum showed 3+GPC in pairs and clusters, and 
sensitivity showed MRSA. Blood cultures also grew MRSA. She was 
started on vancomycin on [**3253-7-19**], for a 14 day course. (Day of 
discharge is day 5 of 14 days.) At the time of discharge, the 
patient had been afebrile for several days.

2. Trach stoma infection/cellulitis. MRSA was grown from trach 
site and the patient was placed on vancomycin as above. Her 
trach was replaced on [**3253-7-22**] with improved fit.

3. The patient had a Foley catheter-related UTI. Her Foley was 
changed, and acinetobacter (pan sensitive) and enterococcus 
(sensitivities pending) was treated with ciprofloxacin, in 
addition to the vancomycin, for a 14 day course. On the day of 
discharge she was on day 3 of a 14 day course of ciproflox.

4. Abd pain was of unclear etiology, possibly a resolved partial 
SBO. The patient did not complain of abdominal pain during her 
admission. Tube feeds were restarted, which she tolerated well.  


5. GI: Intermittent...