


Admission Date:  [**2653-12-31**]       Discharge Date:  [**2654-1-5**]

Date of Birth:   [**2593-5-19**]       Sex:  M

Service:

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 60 year old male with
a history of cerebrovascular accident, schizophrenia, status
post percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy, status post
tracheostomy, indwelling Foley catheter who presented with
sepsis.  The patient was well at home until approximately one
week ago when he had a temperature of 101 and reported
"congestion."  Nurse practitioner at home started him on
seven days of Levofloxacin ending five days ago.  The patient
had one episode of diarrhea following antibiotic treatment,
none at the present time.  Wife noted three episodes of
vomiting, one of which was dark.  She denies the patient
having paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, orthopnea or lower
extremity edema.  Today, on the day of admission, the patient
pulled out Foley balloon, lodged to mid penis.  Visiting
Nurse [**First Name (Titles) 3768**] [**Last Name (Titles) 3769**] the balloon and replaced the Foley
flushed.  Several hours later he was noted to be agitated
with fever to 103 and persistent bleeding.  He came to the
Emergency Department on the request of the covering
physician.  [**Name10 (NameIs) 3770**] noted increased secretions from trach,
states normal bowel habits, no dark stool, no vomitus other
than that mentioned above.

ALLERGIES:  Reported allergy to Aspirin, reaction unclear.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Cerebrovascular accident in [**2647**] with residual aphasia,
left gaze preference, left hemiparesis, presumed to be
hemorrhagic, no history of atrial fibrillation or Coumadin.
2.  Schizophrenia.
3.  Ventriculoperitoneal shunt approximately ten years ago,
details unknown.
4.  Percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy, trache, indwelling
catheter, trach change approximately q. three months,
percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy from [**2652-4-2**].
5.  Hypertension.
6.  Asthma.

MEDICATIONS:  Medications at home, Tegretol 600 in the AM and
500 in the PM, Dilantin 600 unknown frequency of dosing,
Zantac 150 p.o. q.d., Verapamil 60 b.i.d., Albuterol/Atrovent
nebulizers.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  Ten pack year history of smoking.  No
reported past use of alcohol or drug use.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs, temperature maximum of
104, heartrate 130, blood pressure systolic 90s to 110s/40s.
Respiratory 24 to 40, 100% on trach mask.  Examination in
general, the patient was not communicative.  Long history of
aphasia.  Eyes, seen deviating to the right, anicteric.  Neck
is supple, no lymphadenopathy noted.  Oral mucosa was clear
without pharyngeal exudate or erythema.  Lungs were
rhoncerous with bilateral crackles described on the
examination.  Cardiovascular examination was tachycardiac,
regular rhythm, normal S1 and S2.  No murmurs, rubs or
gallops auscultated.  Abdomen was soft, nontender,
nondistended, palpable percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy
tube was in place.  There was paradoxical stomach motion with
breathing.  Extremities, muscle wasting, no calf tenderness,
minimal peripheral edema.  Neurological examination, notable
for right-sided contractures.

LABORATORY DATA:  Laboratory values initially on presentation
showed white blood cell count 11.1, hematocrit 35.5,
platelets 260.  On repeat white blood cell count increased to
20.5, hematocrit was 40, 222 noted to be 69% neutrophils, 18%
bands, a few lymphocytes.  Chem-7, 134/3.0/101/20/13/1.0/87,
calcium 7.7, magnesium 1.4.  Liver function tests, amylase
and lipase within normal limits.  The patient was noted to
have a lactate of 4.2.  Arterial blood gases initially showed
7.4/30/65/19 at 10:30 PM creatinine kinase of 228, MB
fraction 11, troponin of .27.  Urinalysis was notable for
large blood, moderate leukocyte esterase and trace
proteinuria.  Chest x-ray showed no obvious infiltrates.
Trachea in good position, no evidence of pneumonia.  No
evidence of congestive heart failure, no effusions noted.
Electrocardiogram was described as sinu...