

Admission Date:  [**2552-12-4**]     Discharge Date:  [**2552-12-29**]

Date of Birth:   [**2467-11-9**]     Sex:  F

Service:

ADDENDUM:

The patient did well during the last two days of
hospitalization.  Notable events were as follows:  Abdomen
became somewhat distended and tympanitic.  KUB ruled out
obstruction.  Distention and discomfort resolved following
the initiation of an aggressive bowel regimen.

The patient was noted to have a left arm circumference
greater than right.  DVT was ruled out by ultrasound.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:
1.  Neurontin 600 mg per PEG t.i.d.
2.  Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously b.i.d.
3.  EC ASA 325 mg per PEG q.d.
4.  Timoptic drops, one drop OU b.i.d.
5.  Sinemet 25/100, ?? tablet per PEG t.i.d.
6.  Lipitor 10 mg per PEG q.d.
7.  Miacalcin 200 units, one spray q.d. alternate nostrils.
8.  Promod with fiber, tube feeds per PEG at 65 cc per hour.
9.  ....................elixir 30 mg per PEG q.d.
10. Colace 100 mg per PEG b.i.d.
11. Multivitamin elixir 5 cc per PEG q.d.
12. Vitamin C, 500 mg per PEG q.d.
13. Zinc sulfate 200 mg per PEG q.d.
14. NPH insulin 10 units subcutaneously b.i.d.
15. Lasix 20 mg per PEG b.i.d., hold for systolic pressure of
less than 120.
16. Levofloxacin 500 mg per PEG q.d., last dose on [**2552-12-31**].
17. Flagyl 500 mg per PEG q.8h. last dose [**2552-12-31**].
18. P.r.n. Dulcolax, Tylenol, Senna, and Fleet enema.
19. Regular insulin sliding scale as follows:  Blood glucose
151 to 200, four units; 201 to 250, six units; 251 to 300,
eight units; 301 to 350, ten units; 351 to 400, twelve units.

DIET:  [**Doctor First Name 1412**] and low salt cardiac.

Check fingerstick blood glucose q.i.d.

CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:   Good.  The patient is on mechanical
ventilation via trach.

DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient was discharged to
rehabilitation in [**Hospital1 486**], MA.

CODE STATUS:  The patient is full code.

FOLLOW-UP CARE:  Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 389**] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) 1456**] is the patient's primary
care physician.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:
1.  Bradycardiac arrest.
2.  Pacemaker placement.
3.  Pneumonia.
4.  Tracheotomy.
5.  PEG.




                          DR. [**First Name (STitle) **]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 4763**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2552-12-29**]  11:28
T:  [**2552-12-29**]  11:30
JOB#:  [**Job Number 5702**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**Last Name (STitle) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 364**] [**Doctor Last Name **]
 on: SUN [**2553-1-28**] 10:27 AM
(End of Report)


