


Unit No:  [**Telephone/Fax (1) 11661**]
Admission Date: [**3112-5-31**]
Discharge Date: [**3112-6-9**]
Date of Birth:  [**3054-4-26**]
Sex:  M
Service:  ENT


PRIMARY DIAGNOSIS:  Invasive thyroid cancer.

PRIMARY PROCEDURE:  Total thyroidectomy, central neck
dissection, resection of cricothyroid membrane.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mr. [**Known patient firstname 2066**] [**Known patient lastname **] is a 58-year-
old gentleman with a large anterior neck mass, known to be a
thyroid cancer. This mass is invasive into his cricothyroid
membrane. He presents for surgical correction.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Urinary stricture.
2. Type 2 diabetes.


MEDICATIONS:  None

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

COURSE IN HOSPITAL:  Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was taken to the operating
room on [**3112-5-31**]. He underwent a total thyroidectomy with
central lymph node dissection, as well as cricotracheal
resection. The start of the case was delayed as the nurses
and residents were unable to place a Foley catheter.
Intraoperative urology consultation was obtained. The patient
underwent a rigid cystoscopy in order to place a Foley
catheter. Dense strictures throughout his urethra were found.

Postoperatively, Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was observed in the PAC unit for
two nights. He was kept intubated until postoperative day #3.
No NG tube was placed for fear of damaging the area of the
cricotracheal resection and reconstruction.

On postoperative day #1 Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was noted to have some
runs of supraventricular tachycardia. An EKG was done and was
normal. His electrolytes were managed and this spontaneously
resolved.

On postoperative day #2 Mr. [**Known patient lastname 11662**] calcium was noted to
trend down. He was started on calcium intravenously, as he
was still intubated.

On postoperative day #3 Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was weaned off the
ventilator, however, after extubation he became stridorous
with increasing work of breathing. He required reintubation.
For this reason he underwent a tracheostomy on the same day.

Hematology oncology consultation was requested given the
invasive nature of the patient's thyroid carcinoma.

On postoperative day #4 Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was successfully weaned
off the vent and onto a tracheostomy collar. As his calcium
started to drop further, he was started on calcium twice a
day, as well as Rocaltrol 0.5 mcg daily.

On postoperative day #5 the patient's cuff was taken down and
he was started on calcium, as well as Rocaltrol for dropping
calcium.

He was seen by the speech and swallow team. The patient was
noted to have gross aspiration on his first few days of
swallow on [**3112-6-5**]. However, the speech and swallow team
had a Passy-Muir valve placed for the patient, which he did
well with while awake and not eating.

The patient was given a Passy-Muir valve by the speech and
swallow team, which he did well with when he was awake.

On postoperative day #6 the patient was started on p.o. He
could also be started on p.o. medication including
liothyroxine 50 mcg p.o. daily and his calcium was increased
to 2 gm twice a day. His Rocaltrol was also increased to 0.5
mcg p.o. daily.

On postoperative day #6 urology was reconsulted to see if
there was any further recommendations to be made about his
Foley catheter. They recommended discontinuing his Foley and
catheterizing himself once per day. The patient received
adequate teaching in hospital and was prepared to do this
task by the time he went home.

On [**6-6**], the endocrine service was consulted because of Mr.
[**Known patient lastname 11662**] hypocalcemia. They recommended increasing his
calcium carbonate to 500 mg p.o. four times daily and
continue his Calcitrol at 0.5 mcg daily. They also
recommended changing the parathyroid hormone level.

On postoperative day #7, Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] did have his Foley
removed and was  taught to straight catheterize. His blood
suga...