


Admission Date:  [**2936-11-23**]     Discharge Date:  [**2936-12-5**]

Date of Birth:   [**2889-8-12**]     Sex:  M

Service:  Otolaryngology

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 47-year-old
male with a diagnosis laryngeal carcinoma, status post
radiation therapy who presented with an epiglottis and
swollen vocal cords.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  Because of concern about his airway as well
as concern about potential aspiration, the patient underwent
an awake tracheostomy performed on [**2936-11-23**].  Please
see Operative Note per Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 6264**] for details of this
operation.

The patient's postoperative course was relatively
unremarkable.  He initially had difficulty with relatively
copious secretions, but the patient ultimately became
comfortable with performing his tracheostomy care independent
of any of the nursing staff.  The patient was maintained on a
combination of intravenous fluids and peripheral parenteral
nutrition until a gastrojejunostomy tube was placed by the
General Surgery team on [**2936-11-30**] by Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **]
[**Last Name (NamePattern1) **].  Please see the Operative Note for details of this
gastrojejunostomy tube operation.

Following the surgery, the patient was given a 24-hour period
without tube feeds.  He was initially started on tube feeds
at 10 cc per hour and slowly advanced up to his goal which
was computed by the Nutrition staff at 70 cc per hour.
Following reading his goal of 70 cc per hour, the patient was
changed to bolus feeds.  He received two cans of Jevity Plus
three times per day and one can of Jevity Plus q.h.s.

The patient's postoperative course was also complicated by a
purulent drainage from his tracheostomy site.  Cultures were
obtained from the site indicating beta streptococcus as well
as staphylococcal species.  The patient was subsequently
placed on both ceftazidime and ciprofloxacin.  Ciprofloxacin
was added due to the fact that Gram stain indicated 4+
gram-negative rods, and there was a high clinical suspicion
for potential Pseudomonas infection.

DISCHARGE DISPOSITION:  The patient's infection improved
markedly with treatment with these antibiotics.  Ultimately,
he was discharged on [**2936-12-5**].

CONDITION AT DISCHARGE:  Condition on discharge was stable.

DISCHARGE STATUS:  Discharge status was to home with Visiting
Nurse Association services for both respiratory care, as well
as tube feeds, as well as dressing changes as needed.

MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (Discharge medications included)
1.  Ciprofloxacin 500 mg per gastrojejunostomy tube q.d.
(times seven days).
2.  Clindamycin 300 mg per gastrojejunostomy tube t.i.d.
(times seven days).
3.  Colace elixir 100 mg per gastrojejunostomy tube b.i.d.
4.  Milk of Magnesia 30 cc b.i.d. as needed.
5.  Fentanyl patch 25 mcg transdermally q.72h.
6.  Roxicet 5 cc to 10 cc q.4-6h. per gastrojejunostomy tube
as needed (for breakthrough pain).

DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS/FOLLOWUP:   Followup was obtained for
the patient with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 6264**] the week after discharge.





                          [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **], M.D.  [**MD Number 6265**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 661**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2936-12-5**]  09:51
T:  [**2936-12-8**]  04:33
JOB#:  [**Job Number 6266**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **]
 on: MON [**2936-12-10**] 10:55 AM
(End of Report)


