
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3084-3-16**]              Discharge Date:   [**3084-3-29**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3001-7-29**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: CARDIOTHORACIC
 
Allergies: 
Sulfa (Sulfonamides)
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 499**] 
Chief Complaint:
worsening shortness of [**Last Name (LF) 2873**], [**First Name3 (LF) 2874**] on exertion and edema
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
s/p AVR(27mmCE pericardial), MV repair
s/p tracheostomy

 
History of Present Illness:
Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] has had a long standing murmur, had done well until 1 
year PTA when he began developing SOB, DOE, orthopnea and pedal 
edema.
 
Past Medical History:
1:aortic stenosis
2:mitral regurgitation
3:atrial fibrillation
4:s/p pacemaker insertion
5:h/o endocarditis
6:HTN
7:BPH
8:s/p R THR
9:s/p L TKR

 
Pertinent Results:
[**3084-3-28**] 02:15AM BLOOD WBC-10.5 RBC-3.30* Hgb-9.8* Hct-30.6* 
MCV-93 MCH-29.8 MCHC-32.1 RDW-13.4 Plt Ct-234
[**3084-3-28**] 02:15AM BLOOD Plt Ct-234
[**3084-3-28**] 02:15AM BLOOD PT-12.9 PTT-26.6 INR(PT)-1.1
[**3084-3-28**] 02:15AM BLOOD Glucose-110* UreaN-48* Creat-1.2 Na-133 
Cl-88* HCO3-40*
[**3084-3-28**] 11:25AM BLOOD Type-ART pO2-81* pCO2-59* pH-7.44 
calHCO3-41* Base XS-12
 
Brief Hospital Course:
Mr. [**Known patient lastname **] was admitted to [**Hospital1 83**] [**3-16**] for pre operative 
anticoagulation.  He was taken to the operating room on [**3-18**] 
with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] for an AVR/MV repair.  He tolerated the 
procedure well and was transferred to the ICU.  He was weaned 
and extubated from mechanical ventilation on POD#1.  He became 
oliguric despite adequate cardiac output and normal creatinine.  
He was started on dopamine and Natrecor.  He was also noted to 
have worsening oxygenation and increased work of breathing.  He 
was started on BiPAP with good results.  He underwent a renal 
ultrasound which showed no hydronephrosis.  He was given 
aggressive diuretic therapy which resulted in adequate urine 
output.  His creatinine only minimally rose to 1.3 and he 
gradually required only minimal diuretics for adequate urine 
output.  His respiratory status continued to be problematic and 
he required BiPAP for several days.  An ENT consult was obtained 
to rule out upper airway edema.  A bedside fiberoptic exam 
showed an very large uvula and no airway edema.  It was thought 
that the uvula was causing airway obstruction worsened by fluid 
overload and the decision was made to place a tracheostomy.  He 
underwent tracheostomy on [**3-25**] with a #8 per fit trach placed 
without difficulty.  He was weaned from the ventilator over the 
next day and was placed on trach mask with Passey Muir valve on 
[**3-27**].  An attempt to rest the patient on the ventilator made him 
uncomfortable and he requested to not be put back on.  His 
arterial blood gasses showed adequate oxygenation and balanced 
acid base status.  He was started on Coumadin after his 
tracheostomy for his atrial fibrillation and is cleared for 
discharge to rehab on [**3-28**]
 
Medications on Admission:
coumadin
hytrin 2mg po qd
lasix 80mg po qd
MVI
folate

 
Discharge Medications:
1. Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO 
Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for pain.  
2. Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q4H (every 
4 hours) as needed for temperature >38.0.  
3. Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 
times a day).  
4. Albuterol 90 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: 1-2 Puffs Inhalation 
Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed.  
5. Fluticasone Propionate 110 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Two (2) 
Puff Inhalation BID (2 times a day).  
6. Quetiapine Fumarate 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID 
(2 times a day) as needed.  
7. Ipratropium Bromide 18 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: Six (6) 
Puff Inhalation Q6H (every 6 hours).  
8. Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) Sig: One (1) 
Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.) PO DAILY (Daily).  
9. Carvedilol 3.125 mg Tablet ...