
Sex:  M

Admission Date:  [**2702-9-21**]       Discharge Date:  [**2702-9-27**]

Date of Birth:   [**2624-6-29**]       

Service:  Medicine

CHIEF COMPLAINT:
Shortness of breath.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 78 year old
white male with a history of a motor vehicle accident in
[**2701-10-2**], hospital course complicated by prolonged
Medical Intensive Care Unit stay and prolonged intubation
requiring tracheostomy placement.  He was recently admitted
on [**2702-9-12**] for tracheostomy removal and was
discharged on [**2702-9-14**] without any complications.

The patient was sent back to his nursing home, Meadowbrook,
and was doing well until [**2702-9-20**], at which time he
began to notice increased shortness of breath and a
nonproductive cough.  He was admitted to the Medical
Intensive Care Unit on [**2702-9-21**] and intubated for
airway protection and hypercarbic respiratory failure.

In the Medical Intensive Care Unit, the patient also received
a nasogastric tube for medications, without complications.
His Medical Intensive Care Unit course was fairly uneventful.
He was started on a steroid course, Levaquin and albuterol
and Atrovent nebulizers secondary to a chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease exacerbation.

A chest x-ray on admission also showed a possible right lower
lobe infiltrate, which was new.  A CT of the airway done on
[**2702-9-22**] showed focal tracheal stenosis, likely
secondary to previous tracheostomy tube complication,
characterized by polypoid thickening of the tracheal wall and
extending approximately 1.5 cm into the craniocaudal
dimension.  They also noted small airway disease in both
lower lobes with associated patchy dependent consolidation,
suggesting possible aspiration.  A CT scan of his airway was
repeated on [**2702-9-24**], showing tracheal stenosis
unchanged.  They noted that the maximum area of narrowing was
approximately at the thoracic inlet level with reduced
transverse dimension to 9 mm.  Further plans were made for a
bronchoscopy in the next few days.

The patient was extubated successfully on [**2702-9-23**]
without event and then transferred to the floor on [**2702-9-24**] under the care of the [**Hospital1 **] Medicine Firm.  Of
note, in the Medical Intensive Care Unit, he received tube
feeds without complication and the nasogastric tube was
removed on [**2702-9-23**].  He tolerated clears well and
his diet was advanced as tolerated.

The [**Hospital 1032**] Medical Intensive Care Unit course was also
notable for an episode of sun-downing on [**2702-9-23**],
and he stayed in the Medical Intensive Care Unit one day
more.

On [**2702-9-25**], the patient underwent bronchoscopy,
which showed proximal subglottic stenosis and a 16 mm x 4 cm
stent was placed without difficulty.  He was followed
carefully for the next few days and will be discharged to his
nursing home on [**2702-9-27**].

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1.  Status post motor vehicle
accident, status post multiple intubations, tracheostomies
and removal of tracheostomies.  2.  Chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease.  3.  Type 2 diabetes mellitus.  4.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.  5.  Surgery to
left eye secondary to lens dislocation at the time of motor
vehicle accident.

ALLERGIES:  Dilantin (seizures).

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Insulin NPH 22 units s.c.q.a.m.
and 4 units s.c.q.p.m., insulin regular 7 units s.c.q.a.m.,
Singulair 10 mg p.o.q.h.s., Zantac 150 mg p.o.b.i.d., Flovent
110 mcg two puffs b.i.d., ferrous sulfate 325 mg p.o.t.i.d.,
Lactinex one p.o.t.i.d., Os-Cal D 500 mg p.o.b.i.d.,
potassium chloride SR 10 mEq p.o.q.d., Miacalcin 200 IU AC
nasal spray one spray q.d. alternate nostrils, docusate 100
mg p.o.q.d., acetylcysteine 10% solution (Mucomyst) 1 ml 10%
in three ml normal saline (nebulizer) t.i.d.p.r.n., Percocet
650 mg p.o.q.4h.p.r.n. pain, Glucagon emergency kit 1 mg i.m.
blood sugar less than 50 after orange juice, Tylenol 650 mg
p.o.q.4h.p.r.n., Mylanta 30 cc p.o.q.4h.p.r.n., s...