
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3470-11-1**]              Discharge Date:   [**3470-12-2**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**3398-3-20**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: SURGERY
 
Allergies: 
Iodine; Iodine Containing
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 413**] 
Chief Complaint:
s/p Fall
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Tracheostomy [**3470-11-22**]
Bronchoscopy [**3470-11-16**]

 
Past Medical History:
Atrial fibrillation (on Coumadin)
Coronary Artery Disease
Ulcerative Colitis w/ colostomy
Hypertension
Pacemaker
CVA [**3468**] w/ right sided weakness
Cataracts, s/p cataract surgery
s/p TURP
 
Social History:
Lives with wife; +ETOH use
 
Family History:
Noncontributory
 
Pertinent Results:
[**3470-11-1**] 08:10PM   GLUCOSE-126* UREA N-9 CREAT-0.8 SODIUM-135 
POTASSIUM-3.4 CHLORIDE-99 TOTAL CO2-25 ANION GAP-14
[**3470-11-1**] 08:10PM   CALCIUM-8.2* PHOSPHATE-2.1* MAGNESIUM-1.9
[**3470-11-1**] 08:10PM   WBC-6.5 RBC-3.68* HGB-11.6* HCT-32.5* MCV-88 
MCH-31.5 MCHC-35.6* RDW-13.6
[**3470-11-1**] 08:10PM   PLT COUNT-207
[**3470-11-1**] 08:10PM   PT-15.0* PTT-31.3 INR(PT)-1.5
[**3470-11-1**] 02:56PM   TYPE-ART TEMP-36.6 RATES-14/ TIDAL VOL-550 
PEEP-5 O2-100 PO2-416* PCO2-39 PH-7.41 TOTAL CO2-26 BASE XS-0 
AADO2-279 REQ O2-52 -ASSIST/CON INTUBATED-INTUBATED
[**3470-11-1**] 09:35AM   ASA-NEG ETHANOL-NEG ACETMNPHN-NEG 
bnzodzpn-NEG barbitrt-NEG tricyclic-NEG
[**3470-11-1**] 09:35AM URINE  bnzodzpn-NEG barbitrt-NEG opiates-NEG 
cocaine-NEG amphetmn-NEG mthdone-NEG

CT C-SPINE W/O CONTRAST  [**3470-11-1**] 9:59 AM

CT C-SPINE W/O CONTRAST; CT RECONSTRUCTION

Reason: 72 male s/p fall down 20 stairs 

UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
72 year old man with 
REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
72 male s/p fall down 20 stairs 
CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST: None.

INDICATIONS: Fall down 20 stairs.

TECHNIQUE: Noncontrast cervical spine CT.

COMPARISON: None.

NOTE: This study was initially performed on [**3470-11-1**]. 
Findings were discussed with Dr. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **] at the time this 
study was performed, but the study was not dictated until the 
morning of [**3470-11-2**], due to PACS malfunction.

NONCONTRAST CERVICAL SPINE CT: There are minimally displaced and 
comminuted fractures through the left C7 and T1 transverse 
processes. The margins do not appear to extend into the foramina 
transversaria. Positioning limits assessment of alignment due to 
extreme head tilting to the right, but this is likely the best 
obtainable secondary to intubation and nasogastric tube 
placement. Allowing for the limitations, the vertebral bodies 
are normal in height and normally aligned. There is no 
atlantoaxial subluxation. The lateral masses of C1 articulate 
normally about the odontoid process. Prevertebral soft tissue 
swelling cannot be excluded secondary to intubation. Extensive 
carotid arterial calcifications are present in the bulb regions 
bilaterally. Biapical lung scarring and mild bronchiectasis are 
present.

Also noted is sclerosis and opacification of the visualized left 
mastoid air cells and mastoid tip, likely chronic inflammatory 
disease.

IMPRESSION: Minimally displaced, comminuted fractures of the 
left C7 and T1 transverse processes. No evidence of extension 
into the foramina transversaria.

CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST  [**3470-11-1**] 9:42 AM

CT HEAD W/O CONTRAST

Reason: bleed? 

UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITION:
72 year old man with intraparenchymal bleed s/p fall 
REASON FOR THIS EXAMINATION:
bleed? 
CONTRAINDICATIONS for IV CONTRAST: None.

INDICATION: Intraparenchymal hemorrhage after fall. Assess for 
hemorrhage.

TECHNIQUE: Non-contrast head CT.

COMPARISON: No prior studies are available. By report, the 
patient has an outside study. Should this become available, an 
addendum will be issued to this report following the comparison 
with the outside examination.

NOTE: This study was initially performed on the morning of 
[**11-1**], and is being dictated on the morning of [**11-2**] 
due to PACS malfun...