


Admission Date:  [**2774-5-12**]     Discharge Date:  [**2774-5-22**]

Date of Birth:   [**2704-8-3**]     Sex:  M

Service:  Medicine

ADDENDUM:  This is an addendum to a Discharge Summary dated
[**2774-5-20**].

The patient continued to have low-grade fevers with
temperatures ranging from 98.9 to 100.4.  It was felt that
the patient should remain in house until these fevers were
trending down or if he became afebrile for 24 hours.

During this time, the patient did not complain of any more
headaches.  He did not complain of any fevers or chills.  No
shortness of breath or chest pain.  No abdominal pain.  No
muscle pain.  He stated that his tracheal secretions
decreased in amount and became less purulent.  He completed
his 10-day course of antibiotics on clindamycin and
levofloxacin.

Otolaryngology continued to follow and requested outpatient
follow up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] after one week from
discharge for possible tracheostomy revision.  Tube feeds
were initially switched to bolus feeds to accommodate
outpatient care.  The family requested the patient to remain
on continuous tube feeds.  However, the patient stated that
he would like to continue boluses, and the family and the
patient agreed to a 12-hour infusion at nighttime and one can
of ProMod with fiber during the day.

Also throughout his stay, the patient stated he had
difficulty sleeping and was given Ambien 10 mg by
percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube, which improved his
[**Doctor Last Name 69**] considerably.

On [**5-21**], he continued to have slight fevers with a
temperature maximum of 100.1 during the day.  Cultures were
obtained.  A chest x-ray obtained at that time revealed no
infiltrates.  Urine cultures, blood cultures, and Clostridium
difficile toxin were pending.  The family was instructed by
Respiratory Care with regard to tracheostomy instructions.

MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:
1.  Gabapentin 600 mg per G-tube q.8h.
2.  Nystatin 5 mL swish-and-swallow p.o. q.i.d. (times 10
days).
3.  Ibuprofen 400 mg per G-tube q.8h. p.r.n. for pain.
4.  Zocor 10 mg per G-tube q.d.
5.  Celexa 40 mg per G-tube q.d.
6.  Trazodone 100 mg per G-tube q.h.s.
7.  Pantoprazole 30 mg per G-tube q.d.
8.  Ambien 10 mg per G-tube q.h.s.

A prescription for a feeding tube pump was given.

CONDITION AT DISCHARGE:  Condition on discharge was stable.

DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient was sent home with home
physical therapy and home safety evaluation.

DISCHARGE FOLLOWUP:   He was to follow up with
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] in one week.  Visiting Nurse Association
will visit for tracheostomy care and tracheostomy
instructions.  Humidification was ordered for suctioning as
necessary, and a request for tracheostomy kit and associated
supplies were administered.




                          [**First Name11 (Name Pattern1) 890**] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 891**], M.D.  [**MD Number 892**]

Dictated By:[**Name8 (MD) 1462**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**2774-5-22**]  13:08
T:  [**2774-6-4**]  14:20
JOB#:  [**Job Number 3462**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name8 (NamePattern2) 890**] [**Doctor Last Name **]
 on: WED [**2774-6-5**] 8:41 AM
(End of Report)


