

Admission Date: [**3366-5-9**]        Discharge Date: [**3366-6-4**]

Date of Birth:  [**3290-3-2**]        Sex:  F

Service:  [**Last Name (un) 591**]


HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 74-year-old female,
recently diagnosed with a right femur osteosarcoma, status
post 1 cycle of neoadjuvant chemotherapy with adriamycin and
cisplatinum on [**4-28**], and a history of ulcerative colitis,
status post total colectomy and ileostomy in the past, who
presented to the Emergency Room with acute sharp abdominal
pain, nausea and vomiting.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1. Melanoma, right lower extremity, in [**3340**].
2. Hyperthyroidism.
3. Migraines.
4. Proctocolectomy.
5. Total abdominal hysterectomy.
6. Cholecystectomy.
7. Hemithyroidectomy.
8. Appendectomy.
9. Ulcerative colitis.
10.Hypertension.

MEDS AT HOME:
1. Aspirin 81.
2. OxyContin.
3. Norvasc.
4. Colace.
5. Compazine.
6. Cipro.
7. Propranolol.
8. Percocet.
9. Valium.
10.Ambien.
11.Imitrex.
12.Vioxx.

ALLERGIES:  No known allergies.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  Significant for 1-pack of cigarettes per
day.  No alcohol.

EXAM ON ADMISSION:  Temperature 97.6, heart rate 120-90,
blood pressure 132/54, respiratory rate 18, sats 95percent on
room air.  In significant pain.  Heart regular rate and
rhythm.  Chest clear to auscultation bilaterally.  Abdomen
tender on the right side with guarding.  Stoma was
digitalized.  There was no gross blood, and it was heme
positive.  Extremities were warm.

LABS:  White count 0.1, hematocrit 27.6, platelets 88.
Chemistries - sodium 132, potassium 3.6, chloride 101, bicarb
16, BUN 41, creatinine 1.7, glucose 131, lactate 1.7.  UA was
negative for infection.  EKG showed sinus tachycardia.  Chest
x-ray showed COPD with no pneumonia or congestive heart
failure.  CT of the abdomen was done and showed thickening
and stranding of the distal ileum with some fluid in the
abdomen.  There was little progression of contrast into the
small bowel.  The SMA and celiac were open.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  Over the few hours after presenting to the
Emergency Room, her clinical picture worsened.  She became
tachycardic and intermittently hypotensive.  In view of these
symptoms and her very concerning CT scan, it was decided to
take her the operating room.  On [**3366-5-9**], she
underwent an exploratory laparotomy.  She was found to have
ischemia of the distal small bowel to the stomach from
previous adhesions and small bowel obstruction.  The
adhesions were taken down, as well as the stoma.  The distal
small bowel was resected, and a new ileostomy was
constructed.  Her long postoperative course is summarized as
follows:

1. NEURO:  Initially, her pain was controlled, and she was
   sedated with a fentanyl drip.  This was later weaned and
   changed to prn morphine as needed, and prior to discharge
   her pain was well-controlled on Roxicet prn, and very
   small amounts of Ativan prn.  On postoperative day 19, as
   she was beginning to wake-up and drips were weaned off,
   she was noted not to be moving her left side as well, and
   had left side neglect with right-sided gaze.  A CT was
   done and showed recent infarctions in the middle cerebral
   arterial territory and left occipital territory.  Further
   work-up for what seemed to be embolic strokes included an
   echo which did not show any source of emboli.  She was
   seen by the neurology team and was started on aspirin.

1. CARDIOVASCULAR:  Her immediate postop course was
   significant for septic shock and need for vasopressors
   which were gradually weaned as she stabilized.  She
   developed atrial fibrillation which was converted back to
   sinus on an amiodarone drip.  Prior to discharge, she was
   on amiodarone through her G-tube.  She has remained in
   sinus and stable hemodynamically for many days.

1. RESPIRATORY:  She had prolonged respiratory failure and
   vent dependency.  This required a tracheostomy which was
   done on [**3366-5-29**].  Prior to discharge, she was
   gradually weaning off the vent...