


Admission Date:  [**2591-3-6**]       Discharge Date:  [**2591-3-29**]

Date of Birth:   [**2520-7-4**]       Sex:  M

Service:  MEDICINE

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 70 year old male with
a history of hyperthyroidism for 30 years (not operated), and
hypertension who was drunk and fell at 1 a.m. on [**2591-3-6**],
and then found to be hemiparetic and aphasic in the morning.
He was brought to the hospital by his wife.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Hyperparathyroidism for which the patient has refused
surgery times 30 years.
2.  Hypertension.
3.  Hypercalcemia.
4.  Osteoporosis.
5.  Chronic renal insufficiency.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:
1.  Fosamax 35 mg q. week.
2.  Amlodipine 10 mg q. day.

ALLERGIES:   No known drug allergies.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was initially alert; he had
right hemiparesis and garbled speech with a blood pressure of
220/140, but then had altered mental status and was intubated
in the Emergency Room for airway protection.  A head CT scan
was done which showed a 2 mm left thalamic bleed and blood in
the third and fourth ventricles, but no midline shift or
edema.  The patient was admitted to the Neurosurgical
Intensive Care Unit for frequent neurological checks,
ventricular drain placement, mechanical ventilation and blood
pressure control.  An external ventricular drain was placed
in the lateral ventricle and the cerebrospinal fluid drained.

1.  Neurological System:  The patient presented with a right
hemiplegia, aphasia, with CT scan evidence of a large 2 cm
left thalamic bleed with blood in the lateral and third and
fourth ventricles.  His mental status deteriorated in the
Emergency Room and he was intubated for airway protection.
He had an external ventricular drain placed which was
draining as well as being transfused.  The ventricular drain
was clamped on [**2591-3-14**] and then removed on [**2591-3-15**],
after the CT scan of the head showed no acute changes.  The
patient remained stable neurologically.

On [**2591-3-25**], the patient was noted to be less attentive and
moving his left side less than before and a repeat CT scan of
the head was done which showed resolving thalamic bleed and
decreased amounts of blood in the ventricles and unchanged
size of the ventricles.  The patient became more responsive
later in the day and continued to have alternating periods of
alertness and less responsiveness for the rest of his stay.

2.  Respiratory System:  The patient did well over the next
day and was extubated but had to be re-intubated when he had
an episode of hemoptysis.  He was again extubated on the [**4-12**] but had to be re-intubated for airway protection as
his mental status deteriorated.  He then underwent a
percutaneous tracheostomy on the [**4-15**] and was weaned
off the ventilator and then transferred to the Floor and was
found to have respiratory distress and transferred back to
the Intensive Care Unit and mechanically ventilated.  A chest
x-ray showed collapse of the left lung and a bronchoscopy was
done which showed a large plug in the left main bronchus
which was removed.

Bronchoscopy was repeated later in the day and again large
plug was removed.  The left lung improved and the patient was
weaned off the ventilator and was put on a tracheostomy mask
on 40% oxygen on [**2591-3-22**].  The patient needs hourly
suctioning, aggressive physiotherapy and around-the-clock
nebulizers.

3.  Cardiovascular:  The patient had severe hypertension on
arrival to the hospital and blood pressure was controlled
with Hydralazine and Amlodipine.  On [**3-22**], the patient had a
cardiac echocardiogram, findings of which are left atrial
elongation, right atrial elongation, left ventricular
symmetric hypertrophy with a cavity size normal, left
ventricular systolic function was hyperdynamic, greater than
75%, severe left ventricular outflow tract obstruction around
90 mm of Mercury, right ventricular chamber size and free
wall motion normal.  Aortic root moderately dilated.
Ascending ...