


Admission Date:  [**2853-5-29**]       Discharge Date:  [**2853-6-19**]

Date of Birth:   [**2802-7-16**]       Sex:  F


HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mrs. [**Known patient lastname 1615**] is a 58 year old
woman with a complicated prolonged hospital course who was
transferred to the CMED Service on [**2853-6-18**].
Originally, she was admitted on [**2853-5-29**], to the Vascular
left below the knee amputation on [**6-6**].  Her postoperative
course was complicated by suicidal ideations requiring a
one-to-one sitter.  For a more detailed review of the patient's
stay on the Vascular Service, please refer to the Discharge
Summary from [**2853-6-11**].

The patient was subsequently transferred to Medical Intensive
thought to be a combination of uremia secondary to acute on
chronic renal failure and necrotic infection.  In the Medical
Intensive Care Unit, the EKG showed new inferior ST elevations
and the patient subsequently ruled in for an acute myocardial
infarction with peak CK of 369, MB of 23 and troponin of 38.5.
Preoperative stress MIBI on [**6-2**], had shown moderate defects
anteriorly, inferiorly, laterally and apically, with marked
diffuse hypokinesis and ejection fraction of 20%.  Dialysis was
initiated on [**6-13**] with continued improvement in mental
status.

The patient was initially treated conservatively for an
myocardial infarction with heparin, beta blocker, aspirin,
ACE inhibitor.  The patient was taken to the Catheterization
Laboratory on [**2853-6-18**].  In the catheterization, the patient
was discovered to have three-vessel disease and underwent
percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty of Obtuse marginal
1 lesion with good results.  For more details, please refer to
the Catheterization Report from [**2853-6-17**].

Post-catheterization, the patient did not have any chest pain,
shortness of breath, dizziness, nausea, vomiting or other
complaints.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction
on [**6-15**]; catheterization on [**6-18**] with percutaneous
transluminal coronary angioplasty to obtuse marginal.
Congestive heart failure with an ejection fraction of 20%.
2.  Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus for four years.
3.  Peripheral vascular disease.
4.  Chronic renal insufficiency which is now acute renal
insufficiency on hemodialysis.
5.  Hypertension.
6.  History of anti-phospholipid antibody.
7.  Anemia.
8.  Tracheal stenosis, status post tracheostomy in [**2849**].
9.  Right hemiarthroplasty.

ALLERGIES:    Benadryl and morphine.

MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:
1.  Aspirin 325 mg p.o. q. day.
2.  NPH 5 units q. a.m.; 1 unit q. p.m.
3.  Regular insulin sliding scale.
4.  Protonix 40 mg p.o. q. day.
5.  Calcium bicarbonate 500 mg p.o. three times a day.
6.  Rocaltrol 0.25 micrograms p.o. q. day.
7.  Nephrocaps.
8.  Captopril 6.25 mg p.o. three times a day.
9.  Imdur 30 mg p.o. q. day.
10. Iron sulfate 325 mg p.o. three times a day.
11. Colace 100 mg p.o. twice a day p.r.n.
12. Lopressor 50 mg p.o. twice a day.
13. Zoloft 50 mg p.o. q. day.
14. Integrilin drip.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Physical examination revealed a
pleasant 51 year old woman in no acute distress.  Temperature
was 98.0 F.; blood pressure 131/71; heart rate 77;
respiratory rate 16; oxygen saturation 97% on room air.  The
patient was comfortable.  Examination of the Head:
Oropharynx was clear.  Mucous membranes were moist.  There
was no jugular venous distention.  Heart was regular rate and
rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.  Lungs:  There were
bilateral inspiratory and expiratory mild wheezes centrally
more than peripherally consistent with tracheal stenosis.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended.  Good normal bowel
sounds.  Groin:  Sheath sore in place.  Extremities:  Status
post left below the knee amputation.  Right foot ulcer is not
necrosed and not cellulitic.  Neurologic examination:  Alert
and oriented times three, grossly nonfocal.

LABORATORY:  On admission, white blood cell count 8...