
 
 
 
Admission Date:  [**3044-12-18**]              Discharge Date:   [**3045-1-3**]
 
Date of Birth:  [**2975-8-3**]             Sex:   M
 
Service: NEUROLOGY
 
Allergies: 
Patient recorded as having No Known Allergies to Drugs
 
Attending:[**First Name3 (LF) 4315**] 
Chief Complaint:
right sided weakness, poor speech.
 
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure:
Ventriculostomy drain placement.
Intubation.
Tracheotomy.
 
History of Present Illness:
This is a RH 69year old man with a past medical history
significant for a.fib and EtOH abuse (until 8mos ago) who was in
his usual state of health until his son found him at 10:30pm
yesterday evening lying on the couch and "not making sense."
According to the wife, he was normal at 7pm when she left to go
to the drugstore and then to her sister's house. At 8:30pm, her
son came home, but did not talk to his father - went to his room
instead. At 10:30pm, he came out to find his father lying on the
couch and talking but "not making sense." He called his mother
who immediately came home and called EMS. On arrival, he was
speaking nonsensically though fluently, and not following
commands. He has not been ill recently, no fevers, chills,
nausea, vomiting, abd. pain, cp or sob. 

 
Past Medical History:
1.a.fib
2."trouble walking from past heavy alcohol use" (per wife)
-no htn, hypercholesterolemia, no dm

 
Social History:
retired firefighter in [**Location (un) 418**]. smoked 2ppd for
"many years" but quit 15yrs ago, and has been smoking about 5
cigars a day since. Heavy EtOH use history, 1 case/day for >
30yrs until about 8 months ago. None since. No ilicit drug use.

 
Family History:
brother had "aneurysm in brain", father had
stroke in his 50s.

 
Physical Exam:
T97.3;  BP 192/102 (on arrival); HR 99 ; RR 18; O2
sat 93% RA
gen - no acute distress.  alert, not moving right side as much
spontaneously initially but then does. eyes and head looking
towards the left.
heent - mmm. o/p clear. no scleral icterus or injection.
neck - supple. no lad or carotid bruits appreciated.
lungs - cta bilaterally
heart - rrr, nl s1/s2 
abd - soft, nt/nd, nabs
ext - cool, hairless, no edema.

neurologic:
MS: Alert and awake. Eyes deviated to the left, however, he can
move past midline and look to the right. Answers questions such
as "what is your name" - though answer very unintelligible for
the most part. Follows commands only intermittantly. 
Occasionally
follows both axial and appendicular commands - showing tongue 
and
showing 2 fingers, but then later will not follow those 
commands.
Cannot follow complex commands or answer questions. Can repeat
some single words, but not phrases, has some echolalia. 
Difficult
also to get him to mimic. 

CN: PERRL. EOMs intact without nystagmus - fixes and follows, 
can
move head past midline. Has +Right UMN facial droop. Can move
head side to side easily, tongue midline. 

Motor: Moves all extremities symmetrically, though initially
seemed to move right side less than left. Has right pronator
drift. Left side full strength. RLE also appears to be full
strength, does not drift to bed.

Reflexes: fairly symmetric and intact bilaterally. right toe
upgoing, left equivocal.

Sensation: 
withdraws to pain in all extremities, also groans and grimaces.

Coordination: n/a

Gait: n/a

 
Pertinent Results:
[**3044-12-18**] 06:18PM   SODIUM-143
[**3044-12-18**] 06:18PM   OSMOLAL-289
[**3044-12-18**] 05:41PM   TYPE-ART PO2-85 PCO2-32* PH-7.45 TOTAL CO2-23 
BASE XS-0 INTUBATED-NOT INTUBA
[**3044-12-18**] 05:22PM   PT-14.1* PTT-30.1 INR(PT)-1.3
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   GLUCOSE-139* UREA N-13 CREAT-0.7 SODIUM-140 
POTASSIUM-3.4 CHLORIDE-104 TOTAL CO2-27 ANION GAP-12
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   CK(CPK)-117
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   CK-MB-3 cTropnT-<0.01
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   CALCIUM-9.3 PHOSPHATE-3.4 MAGNESIUM-1.8
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   WBC-12.6* RBC-4.16* HGB-13.9* HCT-39.3* 
MCV-94 MCH-33.4* MCHC-35.4* RDW-13.4
[**3044-12-18**] 05:39AM   PLT COUNT-180
[**3044-12-18**] ...