


Admission Date:  [**3440-3-13**]       Discharge Date:  [**3440-3-17**]

Date of Birth:   [**3373-8-23**]       Sex:  M

Service:  Medicine

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  The patient is a 66-year-old white male
with history of COPD, admitted to the medical ICU with COPD
exacerbation secondary to acute onset of shortness of breath
in the morning.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient stated that he was
in his usual state of health until the a.m. when he suddenly
became short of breath and had a lot of wheezing and called
EMS.  The patient was observed to be tachypneic with a
respiratory rate over 40 with O2 sats 92% on 6 liters by
emergency medicine technician.  The patient was given nebs in
the field with no significant improvement and on arrival to
the Emergency Room the patient's respiratory rate was at 50
with O2 sats at 100% on 10 liters.  Mr. [**Known patient lastname 118**] was given
multiple nebs, 125 mg Solu-Medrol, 1 gm Vanco and 1 gm
Ceftazidime for possible aspiration pneumonia considering
patient has a history of pseudomonas and Klebsiella
pneumonia.  The patient continued tachypneic with a
respiratory rate in the 40's with audible wheezes and was
started on [**Hospital1 **] with significant improvement.  ABG on 40%
O2 and [**Hospital1 **] was 7.39/43/107 after 30 minutes of [**Hospital1 **].
This was atrial fibrillation with a heart rate of 140-150.
The patient was given 30 mg of IV Diltiazem with heart rate
decreasing to 100's.  The patient denied any chest pain,
diaphoresis, nausea, vomiting, fevers or chills but did
report pleuritic chest pain across his chest.  The patient
also denied cough, however, EMS reported that patient was
found coughing with thick, yellow sputum.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1) Significant for COPD with multiple
hospitalizations, status post intubation and tracheostomy.
2) CAD status post MI in [**3437**] with an echo in [**3438-5-28**] that
showed 60% EF, mild global RV dysfunction, mild to medium MR.
Stress test in 5/00 was borderline with EKG changes with
normal nuclear studies.  3) History of pneumonia, MRSA,
resistant pseudomonas, and Klebsiella.  4) Atrial
fibrillation, chronic, however, patient is not on
anticoagulation secondary to iliopsoas bleed.  5) CVA with
residual left hemiparesis.  6) AAA, 5 cm and stable.  7)
History of PUD and GERD.  8) History of diverticulosis.  9)
History of pulmonary hypertension.

MEDICATIONS:  The patient was on Prevacid 15 mg po q d,
Lactulose 30 cc po q d, Verapamil 40 mg po tid, Prednisone 10
mg po q d, Isordil 10 mg po tid, Flovent 220 mcg MDI bid,
Combivent 4 puffs MDI qid, Zyprexa 2.5 mg po q h.s., Ativan
.5 mg po q h.s., Effexor 50 mg po bid, Celexa 40 mg po q d,
TUMS 50 mg po tid, Dulcolax, Tylenol prn.

ALLERGIES:  Contrast.

SOCIAL HISTORY:  40 pack year cigarettes, occasional alcohol.
Wheelchair bound resident of [**Hospital1 994**] Nursing Home.

FAMILY HISTORY:  Noncontributory.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission temperature 99.1, heart
rate 100-108, respiratory rate 18-24, blood pressure 99-104
systolic over 68-70 diastolic.  Patient was having O2 sats of
96% on .4 face mask with [**Hospital1 **].  Generally comfortable on
[**Hospital1 **], responsive to questions, no apparent distress in the
MICU.  HEENT:  Pupils are equal, round, and reactive to light
and accommodation, extraocular movements intact.  Oropharynx
with [**Hospital1 **] mask on.  Neck supple, no jugulovenous
distension, no lymphadenopathy, mild accessory flaring with
inspiration.  Heart irregular irregular, distant heart
sounds, no murmurs.  Lungs, poor air movement, expiratory and
inspiratory wheezes bilaterally, no dullness to percussion.
Abdomen obese, soft, with flaring with inspiration.  There is
a ventral hernia in left upper quadrant with evidence of
recent surgery, no bleeding or discharge, positive bowel
sounds, do not appreciate liver margin or spleen tip.
Extremities, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema.  Skin changes
consistent with venous stasis.  Neurological, alert ...