


Admission Date:  [**2879-4-9**]       Discharge Date:  [**2879-4-22**]

Date of Birth:   [**2794-9-24**]       Sex:  M

Service:  Trauma Surgery

CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Status post fall.

HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is an 84-year-old
gentleman status post an unwitnessed fall down a flight of
stairs.  Positive amnesia to the event.

The patient was transferred to an outside hospital with
confusion.  A computed tomography scan revealed a
subarachnoid hematoma.

The patient was transferred to the [**Hospital1 3007**] for further management of his head injury.
The patient denied chest pain and abdominal pain.

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:
1.  Bioprosthetic valve replacement.
2.  Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.

MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Lopressor, Imdur, aspirin,
potassium, and Detrol.

ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Initial physical
examination revealed his pulse was 80, his blood pressure was
138/palp, his respiratory rate was 16, and his oxygen
saturation was 97% on room air.  [**Location (un) 572**] Coma Scale was 15.
The pupils were equal and reactive bilaterally.  The
extraocular muscles were intact.  The transcranial magnetic
stimulation were clear bilaterally.  Midface had no
deformities.  There was a 3-cm laceration above the left eye.
The patient's trachea was midline.  The patient was in a
regular rate and rhythm.  His breath sounds were clear
bilaterally.  There was no stepoff of deformities of the
back.  The pelvis was stable.  Rectal examination was
nasogastric with good rectal tone.  Extremities revealed no
deformities or tenderness.  There were palpable pulses
bilaterally.

BRIEF SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was admitted
to the Trauma Intensive Care Unit for every 1-hour neurologic
checks.  The patient was seen by Neurosurgery who concluded
that the patient was stable and would need a head computed
tomography in the morning on hospital day two.

The patient was admitted to the Trauma Intensive Care Unit.
An arterial line was placed without any complications.  The
patient's blood pressure was controlled without the need of
pressors or nitroglycerin.  The 3-cm head laceration was
washed out and sutured with interrupted nylon sutures.
Neurosurgery's recommendations were to continue the PCO2
between 35 and 40.  They also wanted a magnetic resonance
imaging of the cervical spine due to the patient's
tenderness.

Early on [**4-10**], the patient was noted to have stridor and
decreasing oxygen saturations.  The patient was intubated
without difficulty.

During the patient's hospitalization stay, he was extubated
twice.  Due to failure to clear secretions and failure of a
gag reflex, he was reintubated.  It was decided after the
patient's third intubation that he would require a
tracheostomy and an open gastrojejunostomy tube placement.  A
discussion took place between the Trauma team and the
patient's family.  The patient's son agreed that a
tracheostomy and a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube
would be in his father's best interest.  During that time,
Neurosurgery deemed the patient stable.  They recommended
follow up with Dr. [**First Name (STitle) **] in two weeks after discharge and to
continue to the cervical collar until discharge.

During that time, the patient had sputum cultures which grew
methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus and had a urine
culture which grew Escherichia coli which was sensitive to
Levaquin.

On [**4-14**], the patient had a left subclavian triple lumen
placed for access and an arterial line placed.

On [**4-17**], the patient was brought to the operating room
with a preoperative diagnosis of respiratory failure due to
the inability to clear secretions and loss of the gag reflex.
The patient had [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 2554**] gastrostomy and open tracheostomy by
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **], Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **], and Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **].  The patient
tolerat...