

Admission Date:  [**3195-12-2**]     Discharge Date:  [**3195-12-23**]

Date of Birth:   [**3127-5-3**]     Sex:  M

Service:  MICU/ORANG
THE PATIENT WAS TRANSFERRED TO THE FLOOR FROM THE MEDICAL
INTENSIVE CARE UNIT TO THE [**Hospital1 **] INTERNAL MEDICINE SERVICE
ON [**3196-1-16**].

Since the patient has been on the floor, he has progressed

#1.  CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient has been maintained with
decent blood pressures on Metoprolol 150 mg p.o. t.i.d. and
Captopril 50 mg p.o. t.i.d.  That has also been used to
treatment his hypertension and coronary artery disease.  The
patient has had no issues electrophysiologically.  Regarding
the CHF, he has had no signs.
#2.  PULMONARY:  The patient finished his 10-day-course of
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.q.d.  Saturations have remained well
at 92%.  Most significantly he came to the floor in [**Initials (NamePattern4) **]
[**Last Name (NamePattern4) 5470**]-Muir valve.  He was then capped and then he had the
tracheostomy tube pulled on Friday, [**1-19**].  He
tolerated this very well with decent oxygen saturations.  He
remains merely with gauze and tape over the site.

#3.  RENAL:  The patient has had fluid and electrolyte
balance.

#4.  GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient was maintained on tube
feeds.  For a period of time he had a little bit of
increasing residuals.  He was restarted on Reglan 10 mg p.o.
t.i.d.  In the meantime, between the 22nd and the 25th, the
patient actually began to tolerate p.o. nutrition pretty
well.  So, it will be determined ultimately by the
nutritionist to when the tube feeds can be ceased based on
the patient's nutritional goal, although he is not at that
point yet.

#5.  NEUROLOGICAL:  The patient was on Ativan, which was
leading to some mental confusion.  He was only oriented
really to person when he arrived on the floor.  By [**3196-1-22**], he was maintained on a standing regimen of
Olanzapine  2.5 mg p.o.q.a.m. and 5 mg p.o.q.p.m. with 2.5 mg
p.r.n.q.6h., but no benzodiazepines and his mental status has
now improved to the point where he is alert and oriented
times three.  He still has an essential tremor, which has
remained about the same, perhaps a little bit of a decrease
over time and we anticipated that that will decrease even
further as his mental status and physical condition improves.

PROPHYLAXIS:  He was maintained on subcutaneous heparin and
Prevacid.  As his p.o. intake improves, he can theoretically
be changed over to Protonix 40 mg p.o.q.d. instead of the
Prevacid 30 mg p.o.q.d.

He remains full code.  He is stable for discharge.  Of note,
the laboratory values show him to be VRE negative and MRSA
negative.

In summary, the patient's diagnosis include pneumococcal
sepsis status post tracheostomy, now decannulated;
hypertension; monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined
significance; type 2 diabetes mellitus; degenerative joint
disease status post PEG placement; and resolving delirium.
He also will leave on the following medications:

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:
1.  Tube feeds Promote with fiber 90 cc an hour.
2.  Olanzapine 2.5 mg p.o.q.a.m. 5 mg p.o.q.p.m.,
2.5 mg  p.o.6 to 8 hours p.r.n.
3.  NPH insulin 12 units subcutaneously q.a.m., 12 units
subcutaneously q.p.m.
4.  Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously b.i.d.
5.  Celexa 20 mg p.o.q.d.
6.  Captopril 50 mg p.o.t.i.d.
7.  Dulcolax one to two tablets p.o./pr,q.d.p.r.n.
8.  Ambien 5 mg p.o./PEG q.h.s.p.r.n., may repeat times one.
9.  Vioxx 25 mg q.d.
10. Lopressor 50 mg p.o.t.i.d.
11. Prevacid solution 30 mg/PEG q.d.
12. Lactulose 15 cc p.o.PEG b.i.d. titrated to one bowel
movement per day and also on a regular insulin sliding scale.

The patient was discharged in improved condition on
[**1-22**], to a rehabilitation facility in [**State 3070**].




                          [**First Name4 (NamePattern1) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern1) **], M.D.  [**MD Number 5471**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 1430**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**3196-1-22**]  10:51
T:  [**3196-1-22**]  10:56
JOB#:  [**Job Num...