

Admission Date:  [**3294-12-30**]     Discharge Date:  [**3295-1-5**]

Date of Birth:   [**3262-8-25**]     Sex:  F

Service:

CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  Stable.

DISCHARGE DISPOSITION:  Home with services.

ADMISSION DIAGNOSES:
1.  Paradoxical vocal cord motion with asthma.

DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:
Status post tracheostomy for paradoxical vocal cord motion
with asthma.

DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Fenofexadine 180 mg po q day, calcium
carbonate 1.25 grams po t.i.d., Percocet 5/325 one po q 4 to
6 hours prn pain, Lisinopril 10 mg po q day, Metformin 1000
mg po q day.

HOSPITAL COURSE:  Ms. [**Known patient lastname 1367**] is a 33 year-old woman with a
long history of asthma complicated by multiple hospital
admissions for airway management.  She has been diagnosed
with paradoxical vocal cord motion and was referred to Dr.
[**First Name (STitle) 1368**] [**Name (STitle) 735**] for elective tracheostomy to manage her airway.
This was performed without complications on [**3294-12-30**], please
see operative note for details.  Postoperatively, she
recovered well, regaining an oral diet on postoperative day
one, having good stability and safe use of her tracheostomy
and completing her tracheostomy training by postoperative day
six.  Accordingly, she was discharged home in stable
condition with the following home services:

1.  Tracheostomy care per routine.
2.  Physical therapy for home safety, mobility and strength.

FOLLOW UP PLANS:  Ms. [**Known patient lastname 1367**] will follow up with Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 735**]
in his clinic within one week from the time of discharge.
The patient will call to schedule this appointment herself.
His telephone number is [**Telephone/Fax (1) 1369**].






                          [**Name6 (MD) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) 1370**], M.D.  [**MD Number 1371**]

Dictated By:[**Last Name (NamePattern1) 1372**]

MEDQUIST36

D:  [**3295-1-5**]  09:50
T:  [**3295-1-5**]  11:18
JOB#:  [**Job Number 1373**]
Signed electronically by: DR. [**First Name (STitle) **] [**Initials (NamePattern4) **] [**Last Name (NamePattern4) **]
 on: [**Doctor First Name 46**] [**3295-3-31**] 3:46 PM
(End of Report)


